Module 2, Video 4, Video 4, Galactic History, The Great Escape, and the Colonization of
New Star Civilizations.
This video will summarize the Laron-Vegan refugee starships and survival after complete
annihilation, the importance of the refugee waystations, Cygnus and Cassiopeia, and the
part they played in Laron's survival.
The colonization of new star systems, such as Sirius, Pleiades, Heades, Aldebaran, Procyon,
Orion, Pegasus, Andromeda, the influence of Arturis, Cassiopeia and Andromeda in the survival
of the Laron-Vegan refugees.
The Great Escape.
It was the attack by the Draconians that forced the Lirans to evacuate their survivors from
their planets, migrate out of the Laron system, and spread out into the galaxy.
It also forced them to develop weapons.
As a general rule, most of the Laron refugees ended up settling in the Pleiades and Andromeda
systems and the majority of the humans from the Vega system ended up in Sirius and Orion.
Although many star systems throughout our galaxy became new homes for the Laron-Vegan
survivors, they continued to explore space and look for solar systems that would sustain
them.
The human race continued to evolve and went to Deneb in Cygnus and also Cassiopeia, both
waystations for the Laron refugees, the Syrian and Orion systems, and many other star systems
all over the galaxy.
So they were on their ships, fleeing the reptilian invasion, growing their own food
on the craft, and looking for water, and as a consequence, the human race became very
adaptable and creative.
They would find certain planetary systems that had minerals, resources, water, and things
that they needed.
They would then try to stabilize these planetary systems using the technology that they had.
They would go in, mine, and pull out the resources they needed.
They would continue their building of mining equipment and spacecraft.
They needed to stabilize the solar system so that they can extract the minerals, which
also meant that they had to live there for a while setting up colonies.
That is why there are so many ruins on so many of our moons and planets.
One of the considerations the Lirens had as they spread throughout space was to search
for water because humans needed to have water for survival.
Some of the Lirens found an asteroid that had a great deal of ice water and hid inside
this asteroid, and there they began to develop their own identity as an adaptive and resourceful
race of people.
The Draconian races, during the wars against the Liren races, realized that the humans
needed water.
They positioned their large ships in strategic systems that contained a lot of water in order
to prevent the humans from gaining access to it.
It was literally a way for the Draconians to try to force the humans out of the galaxy.
To the degree that they could monitor the chartered systems with water, they would place
their craft there and attack the humans who came there.
This is why the human races from Lyra independently evolved technologies to acquire water from
comets and other sources.
The sanctuary way stations of Cygnus and Cassiopeia.
As the Liren and Begin refugees ventured out into the galaxy in their starships, trying
to survive in avoiding Draconian traps, where did they go?
Were they all alone, or did they receive any help from any other beings in the galaxy?
My understanding from viewing the Akashic records of many of my clients is that these
refugee journeys after escaping their destroyed planets in Lyra were quite a struggle, and
it took many years of space traveling before that they were able to settle and colonize
new planets and star systems.
Many of these refugee ships found refuge in the way stations of Cygnus and other neighboring
constellations, including Cassiopeia, Hercules, and a few other locations.
But who created these way stations, and why?
Cygnus is a prominent constellation in the northern sky.
Its name means the swan in Latin, and it's also known as the swan constellation.
It's a very close neighbor to the constellation of Lyra, which is why many Liren starships
found a safe haven in this constellation.
Cygnus is associated with the myth of Zeus and Leda in this Greek mythology.
The constellation is easy to find in the sky, as it features a well-known asterism known
as the Northern Cross.
Cygnus was first catalogued by the Greek astronomer Ptolemy in the second century.
Several objects in the constellation include Cygnus X-1, a famous black hole, and the bright
stars Deneb and Alberio.
Cygnus is the 16th largest constellation in the night sky, occupying an area of 804 square
degrees.
It lies in the fourth quadrant of the northern hemisphere, NQ4, and can be seen at latitudes
between plus 90 degrees and minus 40 degrees.
The neighboring constellations are Cephas, Draco, Lucerda, Lyra, Pegasus, and Vulpecula.
Cygnus has 10 stars with known planets and contains two Messir objects, Messir 29 and
Messir 39.
The brightest star in the constellation is Deneb, Alpha Cygni, which is also the 19th
brightest star in the sky with an apparent magnitude of 1.25.
Together with the bright stars Altair in the constellation Aquila, the Eagle, and Vega
in Lyra, Deneb forms the Summer Triangle, a prominent asterism in the summer sky.
There are two meteor showers associated with the constellation, the October Cygnids and
the Kappa Cygnids.
The higher dimensional beings in the galactic center, the Elohim and Angelic groups specifically,
created a waystation of sorts in Cygnus, particularly in the star system of Deneb, to create sanctuary
for the weary lyra and vagan travelers.
It was a place where they could rest for a while, replenish provisions, and receive needed
healing for the injured on board their ships.
Other waystations were then created in Hercules, Vulpecula, and also Cassiopeia on the way
to the Andromeda constellation.
Cassiopeia is a large constellation located in the northern sky.
It was named after Cassiopeia, the vain and boastful queen in Greek mythology.
To nickname the W constellation, Cassiopeia is easily recognizable for the prominent W
asterism formed by its five brightest stars.
The constellation was first catalogued by the Greek astronomer Ptolemy in the second
century along with other constellations in the Perseus family.
Cassiopeia is the 25th largest constellation in the night sky, occupying an area of 598
square degrees.
It lies in the first quadrant of the northern hemisphere, NQ1, and can be seen at latitudes
between plus 90 degrees and minus 20 degrees.
The neighboring constellations are Andromeda, Cephas, Lacerda, and Perseus.
The most notable thing about the Cassiopeian waystation is the golden Cassiopeian ethereal
cat beings that have acted as healer and guides for the Laren survivors on their way to Andromeda.
There isn't much that's known about these beings and their culture and history, except
that they eventually ascended to the higher dimensions after the last Laren ship passed
through their constellation.
They allowed the Larens to stay in their star systems for a while, but then advised
them to move on to the Andromeda constellation, as that would become their final home system
and their ultimate destiny.
A few of my Akasha clients have either spent time in Cassiopeia after the Laren-Draconian
Wars, or they have actually incarnated as one of these Cassiopeian cat beings.
The Arcturians also assisted the Laren refugees during and after the Laren-Draconian Wars,
providing assistance with healing and technology, as the Laren starships continued to travel
through the galaxy.
Arcturians carry strong abilities in technology and in the arts of physical, emotional, and
spiritual healing.
They have been known to intervene in the ancient past to help resolve very serious
conflicts in our area of the universe by sharing their unique ability to show others how to
integrate their belief systems and feelings to resolve conflict.
They can be very silent and can and will keep very much to themselves.
They, as a group, have done much to help raise the overall level of consciousness in our universe.
The Colonization of New Star Systems
Laren genetics and culture developed into Syrian, Pleiadian, Headian, Aldebaran, Andromedan,
Cygnus Alpha, Procyon, Pegasus, Alpha Centauri, Sagittarius A and B, Cassiopeia, all human
evolution.
The human race would have time to evolve and create space exploration and gravitate by
means of energy and spiritual recognition into planetary civilizations, and that these
races would in turn create their own root races and culture.
It was also important that these races be allowed to manifest and create different
aspects of ourselves, mentally and emotionally and spiritually.
This way we would be creating diversity and expressing our own need to create.
As the human race fragmented, the New Star races moved, traveled, and settled in many
different planets, in many different systems, as space travel evolved.
The human beings became aware of other planetary civilizations in these systems.
Different cultures met and grew.
Belief systems clashed or spread.
New thoughts of philosophy and technologies came into being.
Mankind was evolving.
Once we understand our ancient, Laren, vegan lineage and our relationship to the galaxy,
we as a human race are going to be very proud of who we were and who we can evolve to become
now.
We are not done with our evolution.
