Video 2, Galactic History, The Beginning, Andromeda Galaxy, Antares, Altair, and Lyra.
This video will cover the Andromeda Galaxy Soul Group, Co-creator beings, the creation
of the Milky Way, the importance of the Antares Stargate, the establishment of the Galactic
Center, the Great Central Sun, Ontarian beings, Altair, the home of the Galactic Councils,
the beginning of the descent into physicality and separation, the Elohim and the etheric
feline co-creator beings, the creation of Lyra and Vega civilizations, the development
of the two original humanoid races, the White Laren and Blue Vagan beings, the various races
of Lyra, feline, avian, elemental, etc. and why Lyra is so important in our galaxy's
galactic history.
The Andromeda Galaxy.
How did everything in our universe begin?
Our universe is approximately 21 trillion years old.
In comparison, Earth is approximately 7.5 billion years old.
Our universe consists of 13 primary dimensional levels or belts.
Within these levels are 11 different levels or frequencies of sound and color.
The creation of our physical universe occurred quite suddenly, if we could have all been
watching it.
Three huge pockets were created and as soon as these pockets of energy could not hold
any more light and all that we wanted to create was manifested, then these pockets
of matter exploded into a void of space and time, thus creating the magnificent space
that we now see as our present home physical universe.
This is also the same process that we used to create the last level of the 13th density.
This also explains why our science sees this universe as a closed universe, because we
have not created any levels of density below or lower than 3rd density.
This is the lowest level of the dimensional ladder.
From here, everyone evolves up.
The black holes are the windows from which the Big Bang explosions originally came from.
They are portals to other dimensions of the universe.
We are the creators.
We all as a collective consciousness created it.
All thought from all forms of spirit, both individually and those that are part of the
collective, created this particular universe.
We all at one time came from another universe or thought dimensional plane.
This dimensional plane is said to be on the 45th plane.
Here we all join to create another separate, but very different physical and spiritual
density as well as other density bodies that accompany pure energy.
Three large groups of souls, totaling on the trillions, decided that they were going to
leave source and create.
Those consciousness set up the rules for the experiment and we all had to agree to
play by the rules.
Not one soul was kidnapped or forced.
Free will overrode any and all decisions.
We gathered at our respective portal or black hole.
Each portal had a significant position or path of evolution.
The paths were different as per each soul.
One of the locations in our universe for this separation experiment from source is the Andromeda
galaxy.
It is my understanding from the Akashic records that the Milky Way galaxy was created by the
Andromeda galaxy soul group to be the placeholder of what I call the descent into physicality
from the source ethereal realm.
For this reason and more, there are not as many galaxies that evoke as much fascination
or admiration within our realm of the universe as the Andromeda galaxy.
To understand the importance of this galaxy, we need to understand some basic astronomical
facts regarding it.
The Andromeda galaxy, also known as Messier 31, M31 or NGC 224, is a spiral galaxy approximately
2.5 million light years from Earth and is the nearest major galaxy to the Milky Way.
The galaxy's name stems from the area of Earth's sky in which it appears within the
constellation of Andromeda.
Despite the name, the Andromeda galaxy and the Andromeda constellation are actually two
different asterisms that are in two completely different locations.
The size of the Andromeda galaxy is within the same order of magnitude as that of the
Milky Way at a trillion solar masses.
The size of either galaxy is difficult to estimate with any accuracy, but it was long
thought that the Andromeda galaxy is more massive than the Milky Way.
The Andromeda galaxy has a diameter of about 220,000 light years, making it the largest
member of the local group, at least in terms of extension if not mass.
The number of stars contained in the Andromeda galaxy is estimated at one trillion or roughly
twice the number estimated for the Milky Way.
The Milky Way and the Andromeda galaxies are expected to collide in about 4.5 billion years
merging to form a giant elliptical galaxy.
With an apparent magnitude of 3.4, the Andromeda galaxy is among the brightest of the Messier
objects making it visible to the naked eye from the Earth on moonless nights even when
viewed from areas with moderate light pollution.
According to my observation in the Akashic Records, the Milky Way galaxy was actually
birthed from the Andromeda galaxy many millions of years ago as part of splitting off into
a duality consciousness by source.
For this reason, I call Andromeda galaxy the mother galaxy.
The Andromeda galaxy's sole group were ethereal light beings that were part of a co-creator
group that created the stars, nebulas, and planets that exist within our home galaxy,
the Milky Way.
They created the Milky Way galaxy in order to provide a space for source consciousness
to experience physicality in the lower density levels in our specific universe.
Once the Milky Way was created, it physically separated from the Andromeda galaxy accompanied
by its creators who wanted to play a part in the separation experiment and ensure the
success of their greatest creation.
These co-creator light beings traveled to the Milky Way through one of the two major
stargates created within this new realm, the Antares Stargate, located in the constellation
of Scorpio.
The Antares Stargate, Antares is the brightest star in the constellation of Scorpio.
It's a star with fiery red and emerald green colors and lies at a distance at approximately
136 light years from Earth.
Often referred as the heart of the scorpion, Antares is a red supergiant, a large evolved
massive star.
Its mass is calculated to be around 12 times that of the sun.
Antares appears as a single star when viewed with the naked eye, but is actually a binary
star which is two components called Scorpia and Scorpib.
The brighter of the pair is the red supergiant, while the fainter is a hot main sequence
star of a magnitude 5.5.
Antares is located in the southern half of the Earth's sky.
If you travel to the southern hemisphere, about 67 degrees south latitude, you'll find
that Antares is circumpolar, meaning that it never sets and is visible every night of
the year from Earth's southernmost regions.
There are several Earth-like planets in their star system, some of which are also in the
process of ascension.
Antares is 87,200 times larger than the Earth and located close to the galactic center of
the Milky Way, which is located approximately between Scorpio and Sagittarius constellations.
The Antares Stargate was created to be a star portal that connected to Andromeda Galaxy
to the Milky Way Galaxy.
Through this portal, many etheric non-physical beings from the Andromeda Galaxy arrived in
the new Milky Way Galaxy to begin the new cosmic experimentation into a more physical
reality.
Antares is the home of higher dimensional entities, both physical and non-physical,
and it is an important gateway to other galaxies and universes.
Some souls, upon physical incarnation, choose to pass through the Antares' gateway to reactivate
soul memory.
The Antares are mostly a non-physical star race at this time, although it is thought
that they were once physical beings who had visited Earth during ancient times.
They have the appearance of large reddish mantis-looking beings, although they are quite
benevolent.
Antares is a center for spiritual awakening, and they serve as protectors until the end
of this galactic cycle.
The Antares benefit from relaying and receiving information from Earth as they are in the
process of transmuting energy on some planets which are under their care.
Antares is considered to be the Stargate that represents Mother God consciousness, whereas
Arcturus is the representation of Father God consciousness.
Antares is the location of one of the meeting places for the Galactic Councils, the council
heads of all major collaborative star races within the galaxy who are united in peace
and love in a co-creative process of the ascension process of the Milky Way Galaxy.
Despite Antares being a Stargate like Arcturus, Antarian energies are quite different from
the Arcturians.
While the Arcturians have assisted the Earth in their group missions, the Antarians have
not.
Antarians are the gateway keepers of the higher realms dimensions.
They help facilitate souls shifting into higher states of consciousness.
The Arcturians, on the other hand, process a soul first, and when the soul has evolved
farther in consciousness, it passes through the Ontarian portal that gives it access to
higher frequencies within this universe.
Some starseeds here on Earth, usually those who have originated from the Andromeda Galaxy,
actually came into this galaxy through the Ontari Stargate, not Arcturus.
These starseeds are usually highly sensitive, highly intellectual, usually highly empathic,
withdrawn and reserved.
Altair, the home of the Galactic High Councils.
After the migration of the higher dimensional beings from Andromeda Galaxy occurred through
the Ontari Stargate, these beings settled in a space in the Milky Way, now commonly known
as the Galactic Center, which is the rotational center of the Milky Way galaxy.
It's located at approximately 27-28 degrees in the constellation of Sagittarius.
Its central massive object is a supermassive black hole of about 4 million solar masses,
which is called Sagittarius A, a compact radio source, which is almost exactly at the galactic
rotational center.
The Galactic Center is approximately 26,000 light years away from Earth in the direction
of the constellation Sagittarius Ophiuchus and Scorpio, where the Milky Way appears brightest.
One of the most important stars located close to the Galactic Center is a bright white
star called Altair, Alpha Aquile, located in the equatorial constellation of Aquila
the Eagle.
Its name is from an Arabic phrase that means the flying eagle.
Aside from being the brightest star in its constellation, it's also one of the 12 brightest
stars in our night sky.
Altair is located only about 17 light years away from Earth.
It is relatively close to us compared to other stars.
This is one reason why it looks bright in the night sky.
However, Altair is nearly twice as massive as the Sun.
It has about two times the Sun's radius and 10.6 times the solar luminosity.
Altair is one of the stars that make up the famous summer triangle asterism, together
with two other bright stars, the Neb and Cygnus and Vega and Lyra, which we will learn more
about later in this video.
The significance of Altair in the Akashic Records is that it became a centralized location
for the higher dimensional galactic councils after the development of the Galactic Center.
The higher dimensional beings from Andromeda Galaxy, Antares, Arcturus, and other higher
dimensional star systems would meet in the simulated reality, which actually looked very
similar to our concept of heaven, golden cities floating in the sky, to create galactic councils
that would determine the development of the galaxy.
In some sources online, they say that Altair contained reptilians and Nordic beings, but
this is a gross understatement of Altair.
Altair actually had representative beings from different parts of the galaxy and had
no indigenous races residing there.
Some starseeds currently incarnated on Earth have a connection to Altair because of their
past involvement with these councils.
It was out of Altair and Antares where the great galactic councils planned and decided
to create the first physical realities in the constellation of Lyra, which later became
known as the home of human consciousness.
Lyra Vega civilizations and the Elohim, oftentimes in the course of conducting my Akashic readings
for clients, the topic of the Lyra star system comes up.
Why is a small, seemingly insignificant constellation so important to the majority of my clients
here on Earth?
Why does it come up so often in galactic-oriented Akashic readings?
It is because almost all of us who are currently incarnated in this galaxy feel a very deep
soul connection to Lyra.
It is for this reason that Lyra, along with its largest star Vega, also known as Alpha
Lyrae, is known as the home of human consciousness.
It is where our human story began on so many multidimensional levels.
In the beginning, only source existed in its infinite omnipresence.
Source decided one day, in the infinity of time, that it was lonely and it wanted to
create alternate aspects of itself.
Source first split itself off into two aspects of itself, creating the Alpha Mother God galaxy
represented astronomically by the Andromeda galaxy and the Omega Father God galaxy represented
by the Milky Way.
This splitting off into a duality consciousness by source exhibited itself physically by the
splitting off of the Milky Way from the Andromeda galaxy.
For this reason, I always call Andromeda galaxy the Mother Galaxy.
During this time, the very first Stargate in our Milky Way galaxy was created, the Antares
Scorpio constellation Stargate, which was created to be a star portal that connected
the Andromeda galaxy to the Milky Way galaxy.
Through this portal, many etheric non-physical beings from the Andromeda galaxy arrived in
the new Milky Way galaxy to begin the new cosmic experimentation into a more physical
reality.
Initially, the galactic center, also known as the Grand Central Sun or the Hunab Ku,
was established in a location not far from the Antares star system, in an area between
the constellations of Scorpio and Sagittarius.
In this location, the initial star councils were established, which were comprised of
over-soul groups, which were the continuation and combinations of the splitting off of the
Alpha Mother God consciousness and the Omega Father God consciousness.
One of the most well-known of these over-soul group consciousness became known as the co-creators,
the founders, or Elohim, described in religious texts on Earth and throughout the galaxy.
The Elohim.
The Elohim founder-co-creator group decided as a group collective that they wanted to
co-create life just like source.
They decided to start their experimentation in the tiny constellation of Lyra for a number
of reasons.
Number one, it was a star system located fairly close to galactic center.
And number two, it had the conditions most favorable for physical life.
Based upon genetically human forms in higher realms and very highly evolved universes,
it was decided that many forms of life would be created here in Lyra because it appeared
to be ideal as far as the age of the suns and planets and the length of probable stability.
This reason was initially shown to me in the Akashic records.
But my research has shown that this is actually a scientific fact.
Even today in our modern times, quite a few of the Kepler planets in the most inhabitable
planets of our galaxy, astronomical lists, are actually located in the Lyra constellation.
It seems that the co-creators knew what they were doing when they chose Lyra to be the
canvas to begin the creation of physical life.
The races.
The first two races that were created in the Lyra star system were the feline and avian
extraterrestrial races.
It's actually thought that the felines themselves were the co-creators invited here to our
galaxy from another universe by invitation from the founders.
Having successfully completed their universal game and completing their universe, a group
of 45 felines volunteered to come to this universe to help set up and oversee the same
game here.
As part of the new universal game, the founders gave the felines a new planet in the Lyra
constellation for their home.
The felines named it avian.
Now this is not the exact pronunciation nor spelling, but it's close enough.
The real name cannot be translated into English.
Avian Planet.
Avian was a paradise planet with mountains, lakes, streams, and oceans.
This blue planet was very much like our present earth in form and variety of vegetation and
life forms.
When the felines arrived, they were in etheric form and therefore went through the stage
of evolving a physical body in which to reside on the planet.
After many millions of years, they evolved a lion and other felines and began incarnating
into those forms.
With the DNA from the ape-like mammal they created on avian, the felines were able to
take on a more human-like body while retaining most of the facial features and other characteristics
of the feline.
It was from this crossing when it reached a certain stage that the genetic line known
as the royal line of avian or the house of avian came into being.
The etheric felines would continue to take turns incarnating to provide not only DNA
upgrading, but teaching and training and higher dimensional principles lest their planet-bound
brothers and sisters get stuck in the non-sentient animal incarnation cycle.
As you can see, the felines evolved on avian in much the same manner as humans evolved
here on earth.
In time, the conscious felines grew large enough in number to take on the responsibilities
of planetary guardians of their home world.
They continued to evolve and eventually developed a technology for space travel and then warp
technology.
Their etheric brothers and sisters continued to act as their guides.
Many among them became geneticists, a feline specialty, and began helping to develop life
forms of various kinds for planets and stars in the universe.
Some among them became great space explorers and scientists of various kinds.
It was during this stage of their development that the felines would turn their attention
to that bipedal mammal they owed so much to and begin a program of genetic crossing and
upgrading that would give them a soul and in the process create a new species that would
become known as the humans.
After numerous crossings and genetic upgrades, the Adamic human was made.
There were several subgroups of humans in Lyra, such as the red-headed and platinum
blonde strains in the Liren race, but the two main races of humans were thus established.
Number one, the white Nordic Liren race, which was created to be a physical representation
of the Omega Father God consciousness.
All Lirens are humanoid and are said to be the root race of all humanoid races in our galaxy.
Some Lirens have cat-like features around the eyes and nose, others have bird-like features,
and some of them look very similar to humans.
Despite looking human, they are very varied in their skin, hair, and eye color depending
on their home planet's position from the star and the type of star.
Lirens played an important role in the creation of humanity and seated some of the first souls
onto Atlantis.
During the creation of humanity, the Lirens contributed to the element of fire to Earth
and gifted humanity with Liren work ethic.
The Lirens contributed a lot of knowledge to Atlantis and Lemuria regarding the use
of physical energy.
Lirens are excellent at operating in the physical dimensions.
They have mastered the energies of the divine masculine and as a result understand the often
overlooked power of good old-fashioned hard physical labor.
As a result, many Liren humans who lived in the Liren planets, particularly Avion, Avalon,
and Apex, Bela, Tika, and Maroch were predominantly agricultural in nature.
For approximately 40 million years, the Liren human races became plentiful and abundant
and lived in peace in their beautiful paradise planets.
Number two, the Blue-Vegan race that was created to be the physical representation of the Alpha
Mother God consciousness.
The vegans were a darker or blue-skinned group of humans and were likely the blue race of
advanced humans mentioned in various Vedic texts and from whom the Hindu gods Vishnu
and Krishna derived.
As a more divine feminine oriented race, the vegans were more introspective than the physically
oriented Liren's and were therefore more focused on spirituality and being of service
through healing.
Despite the focus on spirituality, the vegans races were quite technologically advanced.
Many of their technological advances being described in great detail in the ancient Vedic
texts from India here on earth.
The Brazilian contactee, Jefferson Sousa, claims that he met the vegans of Lyra, which
he described as looking very similar to natives of India.
According to Alex Collier, Vega was the first star system in Lyra to be populated by humans.
In addition to the Nordic looking humans from Lyra, the vegans played an important colonization
role throughout the galaxy.
As a culture, the Liren and Vega humanoid people were a very peaceful race on the whole.
There were disagreements and light conflicts, but much was always cleared and resolved.
The Liren and Vega people learned to adapt to virtually all of the planetary environments
that they settled.
They learned to live in complete harmony with their respective planets.
They developed agricultural communities that were literally awesome.
They were not only efficient and could feed billions of beings, but it was actually enhancing
the planet itself and creating an even wealthier environment.
All aspects of life seem to benefit from the Liren's commitment to be at one with their
home planets.
At the same time, the life expectancy was between 300 to 425 years on the average.
This was to be increased by three times later, but everyone worked together as a community.
They were not in service of self, but were a race that beat as one heart and shared and
moved in the same direction as a whole, and would try to make sure that none of the race
would lag or fall too far behind the whole.
In other words, they were an incredible role model for all humanity that followed to this
present moment.
Regarding the second founder race in Lyra, the Avian people, it is thought that just
like the original felines, they also originated from another universe and came to this universe
billions of years ago.
They remained as an elite group of 12-dimensional beings.
However, many avians in this universe have evolved from small birds that were seeded
by the 12D avians on 3D planets in various galaxies.
They evolved huge diversity of color, size, and adaptations.
Eventually, many developed an expanded consciousness because of their ability to see the big picture
of their world.
Their sentience developed from their visionary perspective and ability to move via thought.
Some found themselves able to teleport and soar in their minds to other lands and then
planets.
They expanded their reach and they found themselves inhabiting new worlds.
Some accounts of galactic history state that the ancient avian races may have had a hand
in creating some of the reptilian species here on this universe, but my own understanding
from the Akashic records is that the Draconian beings originally came here to this universe
from another universe after the avian and feline races were already developing here
billions of years ago.
The reptilian races established themselves in the Draco and Orion constellations regions
here in this galaxy and then set off to conquer other worlds.
Later, avian species were genetically mixed with humans as this was an experimental trend
in this universe as with the felines.
Some of the humanoid races, in the Andromeda constellation, particularly a master race
of at least seven to nine feet tall winged Andromeda humanoids that exist in higher dimensions,
are thought to have their origins from ancient avian races.
Humans here on Earth are a gift from the higher dimensional avian beings to help regulate
our electromagnetic atmosphere.
Wrapping up the story of Lyra and Vega, most if not all Earth humans today can claim their
ancestry to the genetics of the various founder groups that created the Lyran system, which
combined an interesting mix of feline human and avian genetics.
Lyrans are the cosmic human ancestors who are the ancestral line of all humans in our
galaxy.
