Module 7, Video 13.
More tips and tricks in reading the Galactic Akashic Records.
This video will summarize reading and recognizing starseed energy,
how to read the auras in the auric fields of family, friends, and clients, even animals.
How to know which members of your family and friends are starseeds.
Can you read the Akashic Records for animals?
How not to access the wrong Akashic Records for yourself or another person?
How to relay bad or negative information to your client during an Akashic reading?
Shortcut to other people's records.
Accessing the records without a formal process.
When is it appropriate to do this?
Getting permission to access someone else's Akashic Records.
How to access another person's records through your own or through your clients.
Things that can block your access to the records.
How drinking alcohol, taking substances, feeling fatigued impacts your access to the records.
The importance of closing the records after doing a reading, even if it's for yourself.
Reading and recognizing starseed energy.
Most of the time when I'm doing a Galactic Akashic reading for a client,
I'm not only accessing information from the Akashic Records,
but I'm also reading their frequency.
Particularly when I'm doing the Divine Heart Triangle exercise before starting their reading.
Due to doing this work as a Galactic Akashic Practitioner,
I've become really practiced at reading frequency.
So that's why just by looking at someone,
I can usually discern what star system they're from,
because I'm looking at the energy in their auric field.
So when you are reading frequency, you are basically looking at other people's auras.
I don't know if any of you have ever done this,
but as some of the metaphysical fairs I've gone to here in Colorado,
they take your aura picture with a special camera.
And then in the photo, you get to see all these different colors in the area around you.
That is very similar to how I'm seeing people through my third eye.
I'm looking at their auric field and I'm seeing different frequencies and colors,
which determines, among other things, their star lineage and origins.
Now, this is a skill that anybody can develop.
It's not one that's particularly specific to me.
Anyone can do it.
Which is why I teach this skill in my course,
Recognizing Extraterrestrial Frequencies,
which I consider to be a preliminary training to this course.
As a matter of fact, my beloved late teacher and mentor,
Michelle Many, used to teach people how to read auras
in some of her classes in Colorado Springs.
If you are first starting out learning this skill,
basically what you're doing is learning to open and work with your third eye.
So let's say you're learning to look at someone's aura for the first time.
It's easier to do it as a beginner if they're up against a blank wall.
The lighter the color of the wall is, the better.
So a white or maybe a cream colored wall would be ideal.
You then squint your eyes a little as you're looking at the person
and then you focus in on their energy,
not looking at them specifically, but at the energy that's around them.
This will be the auric field.
After a few minutes of looking at the person while still squinting,
you should start to see various colors.
In her class, my teacher, Michelle,
would have us look at the person against the wall
and then afterwards we were supposed to draw that person
and the colors in their aura.
What was really interesting is that everybody was seeing similar colors
for the same person.
So everybody in the class was picking up the same aura colors
for the same people.
So it wasn't that there was some people in the class that were better at it.
All of us were seeing the same or similar colors associated with that person.
This little exercise is a really good way to practice reading frequency.
I think this would be a really fun thing to do with your young children
or grandchildren, like, hey, let's look at daddy's colors
and let's color it on paper.
I used to do this exercise with my niece when she was much younger.
She's in college these days, half time flies.
We always did my cat's piglet aura because we both loved animals.
So I would say, let's look at the aura of the cat together
and then we'll color it.
A lot of times when we did this, we both saw rainbow colors around my cat
because for most animals, all of their chakras are wide open.
So you'll see all of the chakra colors in their field,
which will look like a rainbow.
With humans, however, some of them have certain chakras that are blocked.
So you might see one or a couple of colors more than the others,
which might indicate some imbalances within their chakras and auras.
Anyway, this could help you with training to look at the auric field of your client
and also how to look at frequency when you're in the Akashic Records,
particularly the galactic ones.
Many of my clients and students are very interested in knowing
if certain members of their families are starseeds.
If you are accessing the Akashic Records for yourself,
you should be able to access your family's information as well through your records.
But usually you'll find that not everybody in your family is going to be a starseed.
Although, I'm seeing more and more Earth families,
usually second and third waivers, who are all starseeds.
Actually, even without accessing their Akashic Records,
you can likely tell which member of your family are starseeds
by their frequency and also by their specific gifts and interests.
So even if they themselves are not aware that they're starseeds,
you can usually pinpoint it in them intuitively.
So to give you an example, let's say you have a nephew or a niece
who is really interested in spirituality, metaphysics, and or the occult.
Or he, she is really super creative or very technical.
Or they're just really into out there information.
More than likely, they're a starseed.
Or let's say you have a sister that is very 3D and very materialistic,
very much in this world and not really interested in anything outside of this world.
More than likely, she's not a starseed, but an Earth soul.
Also, as a general rule, most people born here on Earth before World War II
are likely not starseeds.
But I have seen a few exceptions to this rule in my Akashic practice.
Can you read the Akashic Records for animals?
The answer is yes.
Reading the Akashic Records of an animal or pet
can give you helpful information about its temperament and needs.
But how do you get permission to read the animal's records?
Just ask the animal and it will tell you.
So sit with the animal and let it know what you'll like to do.
If the animal says it's okay, they usually will look into your eyes,
move closer to you, or sit next to you or on your lap.
If they're saying no, it might turn away from you or leave the room or close its eyes.
When doing the pathway prayer for the animal to open their records,
you might want to use their registered name if they're a pet-agreed animal,
or you can use their given pet name or go-by name,
like Fido, Sweetie Pie, Midnight, or The Raccoon in My Backyard.
Yes, you can even open the records for wild animals too.
Generally speaking, most animals on Earth are Earth-based souls,
but occasionally I'll get a client who'll ask me about their beloved pet,
and I'll find in the records that the animal's also a starseed soul
that has a special soul contract with my client.
Some starseed souls don't want to spend 80 to 100 years on Earth,
so they might choose to incarnate as an animal or someone's pet
to fulfill a soul contract and assist another human starseed soul
without too much investment in time.
And yikes, incarnating and being a human on Earth can be really hard.
My cat Piglet, whom some of you might know or recognize
as the registered therapy animal from my website,
is one of those starseed souls from the Pleiades,
who had a unique mission and a special soul contract with me
during her time here on Earth.
So yes, even some of our pets can be starseeds too.
How not to access the wrong Akashic records for yourself or others.
Fortunately, this hasn't happened to me very often,
but sometimes, especially if you're really tired
or not using the proper process of accessing the Akashic records,
you can get your records confused with someone else's.
Very rarely do I get another person's records than the one I intended to get,
but I can usually pick up on the mistake pretty quickly.
Like, okay, this isn't the right record
because this isn't making any sense whatsoever.
This is why I really focus on people's legal full names
and birth dates when I'm accessing the Akashic records.
This is really important because all names and birth dates have unique frequencies
and you don't want to accidentally pull someone else's records
than yours or your clients.
Usually, once you get a pretty good rapport with the Akashic guides
and your guides, they will prevent this from happening as well.
How to relay negative information found in the Akashic records to another.
There's definitely a level of responsibility involved with accessing the Akashic records.
We need to respect the Akashic guides and the Akashic realm,
but also what's best for our clients as well.
One common aspect of accessing the Akashic records
is when you're doing a reading for someone
and you see information that's really disturbing.
So then you're trying to decide,
do I tell this person what I'm seeing or not?
I wouldn't say this has happened to me very often,
but yes, I have run into several situations like this during my Akashic career.
As an example, I'm not going to disclose any names,
but I was doing a reading for a family member,
not my immediate family,
and while I was in her Akashic records,
I saw that she was a sex slave
after being captured by reptilian beings during the lyre and draconian wars.
What I saw was pretty graphic.
So knowing her and knowing her sensitive constitution,
I immediately checked with her guides and asked them,
should I tell her about this?
And they said, no, absolutely not.
A lot of times the Akashic guides will let you know
if sharing a negative experience you see in the Akashic records
is going to impede your client's progress.
So there's no point in telling them what you see.
Generally speaking, if you are seeing something in the Akashic records,
it usually means that your client is ready to see it,
but you may have to use your professional discernment on a case-by-case basis.
Sometimes though, I have clients who are the opposite.
They may not remember, let's say, some incident in their childhood,
and they tell me, I want to remember.
So then I'll ask, well, if I see some really bad things,
do you still want me to tell you because it might be really bad?
And I'll have clients telling me, yes, I want to know everything.
So in this instance, I received permission from them to share everything.
So then I'll go into their Akashic records,
and a lot of times I'll see child sexual abuse
or some other really bad stuff, and I'll tell them,
okay, this is what I'm seeing, I just want to let you know it's bad.
A lot of the time their guides will also let me know simultaneously
that it's okay for them to know and that they can handle it.
So the guides are usually there alongside of you
to let you know what's appropriate to share and what's not.
That's why there's so much responsibility involved in reading the Akashic records
because you don't want to tell somebody something
that could possibly impede their spiritual progress.
In a way, it could be a violation of universal law
because maybe they didn't really want to know.
So by you telling them, you're impeding on their free will.
For this reason, you'll always want to check in with the Akashic guides
and their guides for direction and guidance in these matters.
So let's say the guides have given you permission to tell them something negative.
So you decide to tell them, but in a gentler, kinder fashion.
For example, you might tell your client,
oh, you were killed in this war,
rather than telling them the gory play-by-play details
of what actually happened to them during the war.
Sometimes the guides will also let you know that, yes,
you can let them know what you're seeing,
but don't go into too much great detail about it
because it might be retraumatizing for them.
Most of the time, I do Akashic readings for clients who are starseeds, however,
and they tend to be pretty hardy in regards to past life trauma.
Many of my clients have gone through some really horrible past lifetimes,
and they understand that going into an Akashic reading or clearing.
So because a lot of them are in the process of doing their own shadow work
and clearing this stuff out, they want to know everything.
At any rate, you'll be guided by your own intuition
or the guides on what's the best course of action for every situation.
Shortcut to other people's Akashic records
and accessing the records without a formal process.
When you get really practiced with accessing the Akashic records,
you can even access somebody else's records through your records.
It's kind of a little trick, but it can be a useful one.
So let's say somebody in your family is going through a tough time.
So you want to access their records to see how you can help them,
but not necessarily do the whole pathway, prayer process for them.
Well, if you are in your records and you have their full name and birth date,
you can access their records too.
A lot of times this works best if they are family members
because their records are always connected to yours
due to the fact that you have long-term sole contracts with them.
So it's kind of like going through the back doorway
of getting somebody's information.
But I do this a lot because oftentimes I have clients
who are asking me questions about their family members during readings.
Obviously, I don't have direct permission from their family members,
but if they're family, their records are already connected.
So it's not like I'm violating a big Akashic rule
if I'm accessing that person's family member's information.
It's really easy when it's the client's children.
You'll get that information immediately.
Getting information on parents, brothers, sisters, and spouses
are really easy too because they're part of the immediate family.
As long as you have good intentions with accessing the family records,
you can easily access information about that client's family members.
I also have clients who access the Akashic records
while they're doing a Reiki healing
or another spiritual healing practice on somebody.
So it's not like they're having to go through the whole pathway prayer process.
They can access the Akashic records in a quick way for that person
as part of the healing process.
Or let's say you want to get some information on your ex-husband or ex-boyfriend
because you're trying to get an understanding
on what happened with your relationship with them.
So you should be able to access their records through yours as well.
Like with the family members, as long as the intentions are good,
the Akashic guides will always assist you if it's for the highest good of all.
If you get the information right away,
the guides have already given you permission.
So it's not like you even have to actually consciously think of asking permission.
It's just that the permission is inherently given,
so it's not like you're being intrusive.
A lot of people don't realize this,
but even dark entities can access the Akashic records.
They have as much access to that information as we do.
It's not just the light beings that get to have access to the Akashic records.
Any being can have access to the Akashic records.
The dark beings have access to the same information we do.
It's all just a matter of what are you going to use the information for?
Are you going to use it for good or are you going to use it for bad?
If you decide to use the information received from the Akashic records
against somebody's free will, there are karmic repercussions for that.
So with dark entities, if they use that information against us,
it has repercussions on them.
Maybe we don't see it.
Maybe we think, oh, they got away with it.
But actually, there is a repercussion for them too,
and it's usually a pretty big one.
Things that can block your access to the records.
In video 10, I mentioned how drinking and doing recreational drugs
can have a negative impact with accessing the Akashic records.
With myself, I know that if I have Akashic readings scheduled the next day,
I won't drink that night.
It doesn't matter if I'm out with friends
or hanging out with my husband at home having a cocktail.
My husband understands this, so he might be drinking that evening,
but he knows that I won't.
I choose not to drink because it does affect your ability to access the records.
Being overly tired can negatively affect your reading as well.
I did an Akashic reading once for a client when I was really tired.
I was just pushing through to do her reading
because she had booked a while ago,
and I was thinking, oh, I don't want to cancel her on her at the last minute.
So instead of doing the right thing,
which would be rescheduling the appointment,
I ended up going through with the session and doing a terrible reading.
I did such a terrible reading for her.
I refunded her money, telling her,
I'm really sorry that I did such a terrible reading for you.
I was very tired and I don't feel that you got the right information,
so I'm going to refund your money.
I've only made that mistake once
and have certainly learned my lesson since then.
So now if I'm feeling tired or a little bit under the weather,
I'll rather reschedule a client and risk them being upset with me for doing that
than work while not feeling my best and do a really bad reading.
Continuing the topic of being tired,
I decided that for my Akashic practice,
it is best for me to do only two readings a day
because this work can be very mentally exhausting.
I used to do four and even sometimes five Akashic readings a day
because I had a lot of clients,
and I was trying to please everybody by fitting them onto my calendar.
But this wasn't being very honoring of my energy and my health.
After months of doing this insane scheduling,
I ended up becoming very sick with COVID,
which changed my whole perspective on how I do this work.
Doing Akashic readings, whether they are galactic or earth-based,
are not like doing tarot or oracle card readings or even astrology charts.
It takes a tremendous amount of mental energy.
With an Akashic reading, you're using all of your clairsenses at once.
So it's not just clairvoyance.
You're also using your clairsentience, clairaudience, claircognizance,
and even sometimes clairgustance, tasting, and clairolliance, smelling.
And you're doing it all at once throughout the reading,
which can be quite tiring.
With that being said, I definitely want to be cognizant of my energy
as I want to do the very best reading I can for each person
because they're spending a significant amount of money for the reading.
In a lot of instances, people have been saving up their money for a while
to have this reading, so I want to give them the best experience possible.
In doing this work, it's imperative for me to be at my best level of health and energy,
so self-care is the utmost priority for me.
The importance of closing the records after each reading.
It's so important when you do Akashic Records readings to always close the records
after you've done accessing each person's records,
not only to reground or to refresh,
but also because that's the way you prevent yourself
from staying in the records all day long.
And yes, I've done that before, not shutting down the records,
and it's not good because you're going to be getting constant downloads
from the records for hours.
Even in dream time, and it will tire you out, so you've got to shut it down.
Also, I'm a real stickler for shutting down the Akashic Records appropriately
with the closing prayer at the end of every reading,
even if people are trying to rush off the Zoom call.
It's not that I'm trying to be nitpicky about it,
it's just that I don't want to be stuck in their records for the rest of the day.
This is especially important if you have one Akashic Reading session
scheduled after another, as you definitely don't want to have
the previous client's records still open
while you're trying to open the next scheduled client's records.
The records can get mixed, and it just gets really confusing at this point.
Trust me, always close the records at the end of each session.
It's the right thing to do, and your mind and energy will thank you for it.
This concludes the video portion of the Galactic Akashic Reading Course.
We will be using Module Week 8 for practicing reading the Galactic Akashic Records
and catching up with videos, homework, and supplemental materials.
We will meet a couple more times on Google Meet or Zoom for a Q&A,
a practice, and a virtual commencement ceremony.
There was a lot of love, long hours, creative energy,
and talent that went into these videos and coursework.
So I hope you all enjoyed the efforts from my team and me
and found this information to be enlightening and enjoyable,
as well as tremendously helpful on your spiritual journeys.
Along with the tremendous and groundbreaking work of my idols and forerunners,
Edgar Cayce, Dr. Linda Howe, and Dolores Cannon,
I also want to give a special thank you to Olivia Lundberg,
who is my Akashic reading teacher in Castle Rock, Colorado,
and posthumously to my long-time Native American teacher and mentor,
Michelle Menney of Vail Valley, Colorado, who is no longer with us.
I used a lot of their wonderful teachings, techniques,
exercises, and tips and tricks in this course,
which has served me well in my Akashic practice,
and I hope it will for you too.
I wouldn't be the practitioner I am today
if it wasn't for the patience and loving guidance
of these two wonderful and extremely gifted ladies.
