Module 6, Video 11, Video 11, Galactic Akashic Records, Influences and Benefits.
This video will cover the influences of the forerunners of the Akashic Records, such as
Edgar Cayce, Linda Howe, and Delores Cannon.
Why do we have access to the Galactic Akashic Records nowadays when they were not able to
be accessed by Akashic readers even a couple of decades ago?
Can anyone learn to access the Galactic Akashic Records?
What does it take?
Why does knowing the Galactic Records help those of us on Earth right now?
The Influence of the Galactic Akashic Records Forerunners
Edgar Cayce and the Akashic Records
Edgar Cayce, 1877 to 1945, has been called the sleeping prophet, the father of holistic
medicine and the most documented psychic of the 20th century.
For more than 40 years of his adult life, Cayce gave psychic readings to thousands of
seekers while in an unconscious state, diagnosing illnesses and revealing lives lived in the
past and prophecies yet to come.
Now who exactly was Edgar Cayce?
Cayce was born on a farm in Hopkinsville, Kentucky in 1877 and his psychic abilities
began to appear as early as his childhood.
He was able to see and talk to his late grandfather's spirit and often played with imaginary friends,
whom he said were spirits on the other side.
He also displayed an uncanny ability to memorize the pages of a book simply by sleeping on it.
These gifts labeled the young Cayce as strange, but all Cayce really wanted to do was to help
others, especially children.
Later in life, Cayce would find that he had the ability to put himself in a sleep-like
state by lying down on the couch, closing his eyes and folding his hands over his stomach.
In this state of relaxation and meditation, he was able to place his mind in contact with
all time and space, the universal consciousness, also known as the super-conscious mind.
When asked about the source of his information, Edgar Cayce replied that there was essentially
two.
The first was the subconscious mind of the individual for whom he was giving the reading
and the second was the Akashic records.
When Cayce accessed the Akashic records of an individual, he had the ability to select
the information that would be of most help to that person at that particular time in
his or her life.
Frequently, a reading might suggest that only a selection of the available material was
being provided, but that the individual was given that which would be most helpful and
hopeful.
Cayce's readings suggest that each of us writes the story of our lives through our thoughts,
our deeds, and our interactions with the rest of creation.
This information has an effect on us in the here and now.
In fact, the Akashic records have such an impact upon our lives and the potentials and
probabilities we draw towards us that any exploration of them cannot help but provide
us with insights into the nature of ourselves and our relationship to the universe.
Linda Howe and the Akashic records.
Now in the third decade of spiritual teaching, Dr. Linda Howe is an award-winning author,
teacher, and world-renowned leading expert in the field of Akashic studies.
She was the first person to bring the Akashic records to the world community and make teachable
access to the records available to anyone with a desire to learn, starting in 1996.
She founded the Dr. Linda Howe Center for Akashic Studies in Chicago in 2001, teaching
thousands of people globally.
Howe focused on the Akashic records as a spiritual resource for personal empowerment and transformation.
In 2009, Linda Howe published How to Read the Akashic Records, Accessing the Archive
of the Soul and its Journey audio set and book, which is one of the resources we are
recommending for this course.
This was the first time that access to the Akashic records was made widely available
to the public with complete instruction.
She has since written several books on accessing and healing within the Akashic records.
In addition to her books, Linda Howe has published many articles and have been the
subject of scores of interviews, blog posts, and summits.
Dolores Cannon and the Galactic Akashic Records.
Although she didn't work directly with the Akashic records, Galactic or otherwise, Dolores
Cannon's career as a hypnotherapist specializing in past life regression spanned almost 50
years and has taken her on an incredible journey along countless fascinating destinations.
As the range of topics her work covers and the sheer volume of original material she
had produced places her in a category of her own, she developed and refined her own unique
method of hypnosis known as quantum healing hypnosis technique, which is one of the most
popular modes of past life regression practices used by many spiritual practitioners throughout
the world today.
Dolores started off doing conventional hypnotherapy in the 1970s, but in the mid to late 1980s,
Dolores's work slowly began taking her in a completely new direction of exploration.
She was introduced to the area of UFO and ET investigation in 1985 when she attended
her first annual meeting for MUFON, Mutual UFO Network, one of the largest and most respected
investigative UFO organizations in the world.
Through her adventure into ET and UFO exploration, Dolores came into contact with numerous ET
companies that come through her subjects to deliver information and understanding.
There truly is a wealth of life out there in the universe existing in all shapes, forms
and sizes.
She has written many books on the topic, including the convoluted universe series, the keepers
of the garden and the custodian.
Throughout her career, Dolores identified a pattern in many of the hypnotherapy clients
she saw over the years.
While many people reported past lives in all types of situations, societies and cultures
on Earth throughout many different time periods, certain individuals who came to see Dolores
described that the life that they were currently living was the first and only life they have
ever had on Earth.
When asked where they were from, they simply said, the source, and they expressed deep
sadness that they are here and how much they miss home.
Further sessions with such individuals revealed that first-time incarnates have actually volunteered
to come to Earth at this specific time with the intention of helping humanity raise its
vibration in the process of ascension.
Some volunteers have never lived in a physical body before, others have lived as space beings
and extraterrestrial civilizations on other planets, and others have come from other dimensions.
As a result of the amnesia we all experience before entering the Earth dimension, they
remember neither their assignment nor their origin.
Thus, these beautiful souls have an extremely difficult time adjusting to our chaotic world
and have a vital role to play as they help all of the rest of us create a new Earth.
In her book, The Three Waves of Volunteers and the New Earth, 2011, Dolores describes
the call that went out for volunteers to help the Earth as a result of the atomic bombs
that were dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945.
The first wave of volunteers that came were the way-showers and certainly had the most
challenging time as they plowed the route for those who came after would follow.
The second wave acted as antennas of energy, their job was to simply exist and affect those
around them.
Third wave volunteers, many of the children with incredible talents and abilities and
memories are literally the gift to the world.
They possess the knowledge and wisdom that will help humanity complete the transition
and overcome the many obstacles that lie ahead.
Dolores Cannon, who transitioned from this world on October 18, 2014, left behind incredible
accomplishments in the fields of alternative healing, hypnosis, metaphysics, and past life
regression, which all contributed to the current global interest in our galactic history and
star heritage.
Why do we have access to the galactic Akashic records in these current times?
Can anyone learn to access the galactic records?
Why does knowing the galactic records help us on Earth right now?
At this point in the history of spiritual human development, it is time for individuals
to have direct access to spiritual resources.
As many humans on Earth nowadays are awakening to their true galactic origins, it would make
sense that many of us will now have the wherewithal to be able to access and understand the deeper
galactic information that has always been waiting for us within the great expanses of
the Akashic records.
The steps to opening the Akashic records that we learned in the last video, along with all
the galactic historical information we covered during the last few weeks, gives us the tools
we need to cultivate our own relationship with spiritual guidance and empowerment.
It is based on the awareness that no other person can carry the divine potential to transform
our lives for us.
We can no longer wait for anybody outside of ourselves to get us out of our dilemmas
and into the spiritual life force, whether it be on a personal or global scale.
For the first time in history, all individuals are being called to wake up to a new level
of opportunity and participate in the ascension of this planet.
Because of this upgrade of human participation and responsibility, the realm of the Akashic
records, even the galactic ones, are accessible to all of us and available to any of us that
want to tap into them.
Deep within all human beings is the divine spark that enables us to transcend our current
limitations.
Certainly, many of us will need to transmute lifetimes of unresolved issues, fears, and
3D programming, but do know that this cosmic light is there within all of us.
The Akashic records, especially at the galactic level, provides us a way to be in conscious,
direct relationship with the divine presence in an intimate and manageable way.
The records are now being opened by all people on Earth who want to be of service to the
planet, not only to the religious, political, and economic leaders or psychically gifted
people as it was in the past.
No special skills are needed to read the records, just a sincere and humble desire to help humanity
and the willingness to take the time and the energy to access the hallowed halls of the
Akashic field.
We are in a transitional generation that is bringing in the new golden age of enlightenment.
Our parents, grandparents, and Earth ancestors did not know about the personal responsibility
the way we know it now, nor did they ever consider it possible to have access to their
own spiritual awakening and growth.
The galactic Akashic records were not widely available until now because there had to be
enough spiritual development of the mass consciousness to be able to handle this resource.
During the past few years, we have seen an explosion in meditation, heart-mind connection
work, personal healing, and light-clearing work for ourselves and others.
All of these practices, as well as many other healing modalities, have enabled us to mature
significantly to be able to use the galactic Akashic records in the best way possible for
personal growth and global healing.
Also, the current mass consciousness interest in UFOs, extraterrestrials, and our cosmic
galactic history has certainly given us the key to not only access the galactic aspects
of the Akashic records, but to honor and understand them enough to use the ancient knowledge
within to connect planet Earth with its true destiny as a bona fide member of the greater
galactic star family.
We are the bridge of light to this new expansive reality.
This is why I am so passionate about sharing my thoughts, galactic historical information,
and Akashic techniques with all of you in this groundbreaking and unique course.
Because I have a humble and sincere desire to see all of us have access to this information
to help ourselves and others on this path, my understanding is that there is no judgment
or implied penalty in the records.
They are said to simply be a record of each soul's journey through the infinite, and everyone
has the ability to access the Akashic records.
It's not limited to a select few, but we all can gain information from it.
It's not forbidden by God or any higher dimensional being to gain information about ourselves,
our loved ones, and or the universe, as long as you're doing it with love and sincerity.
I found for myself that when I was able to access this information, it brought great
peace of mind and clarity, and I feel blessed to be able to share any information with others
that will help them achieve that sense of understanding for themselves and their direction
in life.
Next week, in our last two videos for Module Week 7, I will be sharing many tips and tricks
to help all of you have much more success in navigating and accessing information from
and heal within the Galactic Akashic Records.
