Module 6, Video 10.
Video 10, Akashic Records Reading Basics.
This video will cover how to conduct
a proper Akashic reading, the process,
along with the basic Akashic rules and guidelines,
the importance of clearing space, shielding your energy,
and doing the pathway prayer process
when starting a reading for yourself or others.
The Divine Heart Triangle process
and the importance of connecting with
and reading your client's energy and auric fields.
Why does accessing the Galactic Akashic Records
usually involves a formal process?
Why is formal training of Akashic reading
so imperative to successfully accessing the records?
Guidelines and ground rules for reading the Akashic Records.
These are the rules I was taught
when I first learned to read the Akashic Records
and I still abide by these rules today
as they've served me well throughout my Akashic practice.
I was taught to read the records
with the Linda Howe Akashic Reading Method.
So you can also review these guidelines
and practices in her book, How to Read the Akashic Records.
Number one, do not consume recreational drugs or alcohol
for at least 24 hours before opening the Akashic Records.
I'm not gonna tell you how to live your life
or conduct your practice,
but I think this rule is pretty self-explanatory.
Not only do recreational drugs and alcohol
affects your vibration and lowers it,
they also compromise your energy field
and distorts your perception,
which is not appropriate nor responsible
when reading the Akashic field,
where you are trying to access and reveal the truth.
I'm pretty much a stickler for this rule.
So unless I'm on vacation or taking a break
from doing readings for a few days,
I pretty much stay away from alcohol
and I don't use recreational drugs anyway.
This of course doesn't apply to prescription drugs
that one needs for healing and or balance.
Number two, use yours or your client's legal name
and birth date when accessing the Akashic Records.
Each name and birth date
has a unique vibrational energy attached to it.
So in order to have a fuller, richer reading
for yourself or your client,
you'll wanna use the legal full name of yourself
or of that person,
even if it's not a name that you or they use every day.
When someone changes their name legally,
via marriage or divorce,
their energy in the Akashic Records changes as well.
So you'll definitely want to use their current legal name.
I always ask for the person's full legal name
and their birth date before doing their reading
so that I can access the correct records for that person.
It's the same with birth dates.
Each person's birth date is unique to them
and carries frequency.
So you'll definitely need it before conducting a reading.
Number three, be responsible for your time
in the Akashic Records.
When you're first getting used to being
in the Akashic field,
you want to spend at least a long enough time
to get acclimated to being in the records
and allow your consciousness to fully shift.
I would say anywhere between 15 minutes to an hour
is an appropriate amount of time
to spend in the Akashic Records.
Anything less will seem like a quick fix oracle reading
and spending too much time in the records over 75 minutes
will drain your energy and leave you feeling exhausted,
which could negatively affect your perception
of the information you're receiving.
Number four, always close the records
and ground yourself after each reading.
As you transition out of or close the Akashic Records
after conducting a reading,
your consciousness shifts back to your human perspective
to prevent yourself from feeling disoriented
after this shift.
Do something to ground yourself.
Drink a glass of water, wash your face,
get a bite to eat, take a quick walk,
whatever works best for you and your circumstances.
This is the reason why I always give myself
at least a 30-minute buffer time between Akashic readings
so that I can ground and get myself appropriately prepared
for the next reading.
I usually get myself something to drink
or a quick snack in the kitchen or visit the restroom
between readings to refresh myself and clear my energy.
Number five, before opening another person's records,
always obtain their permission.
This is another rule that also seems pretty self-explanatory,
but you never want to access a person's Akashic Records
without their permission.
Only open a person's records
when he or she asks you to do so
and certainly don't chorus a person
into having a reading when they don't feel comfortable doing so.
You don't want to access your ex's Akashic Records
to get some dirt on them, for instance,
or use what you find in the records to hurt another person.
Only use your powers for good.
Number six, maintain the strictest confidentiality
when doing a reading for another person.
If you are interested in doing Akashic Readings for others,
you're likely a natural empath
and cognizant of other people's feelings and need for privacy.
As you are often downloading very personal and deep information
about others from the records,
you, of course, will want to keep this information confidential
and not discuss people's readings with others without their permission.
It's the professional and responsible thing to do.
I do get clients who want me to share their readings
with their friends and loved ones
and clients who give me permission to share their Akashic Readings
on my YouTube channel.
That is OK to do.
Number seven, present the information you get in the records
to your client as positively, kindly and respectfully as possible.
The goal of an Akashic Reading is to elevate and dignify
the person you're doing the reading for
and help them connect with their true self and their potential.
So you'll want to share gently and respectfully
everything that their guides and Akashic guides reveal,
even if it seems insignificant, doesn't make sense to you,
or you feel uncomfortable sharing it.
I can't even begin to tell you how many times the Akashic guides
shared something about a client in the records
that I thought was totally weird or off the wall
or even borderline inappropriate
that ended up giving my client a real aha moment
and really resonated with them.
We'll talk more about dealing with negative or bad information
received in the records in a later video.
But if it's being shown to you in the records,
it generally means that your client is ready to receive it.
Number eight, do not open the Akashic Records
of individuals younger than 18 years of age.
I get parents who sometimes want me to do an Akashic Reading
for their young kids, and I always have to tell them no.
Since having an Akashic Reading requires the individual
having the reading to take responsibility
for their own actions and karma,
children must wait until they are 18 and are adults
before having an Akashic Reading.
This doesn't mean, however,
that the parents can't open their own records
and ask about their kids during an Akashic Reading.
That is okay to do.
If the guides allow it,
I can usually access their kids' Akashic Records
through the parents' records,
as their records are usually connected.
We'll talk about how to do this in a later video as well.
How to give an Akashic Reading to another,
clearing space, the divine heart triangle,
and the pathway prayer process.
We've already talked about the importance
of clearing your space and doing the column of light exercise
in video one of this course,
not only because we want to keep
the highest vibrational energies around us and our space
as we access the Akashic Field,
but also so that we can have ready and easy energetic access
to the Akashic Realm.
Here's the step-by-step process
that you'll always wanna do when reading for others.
It sets the stage for professional, thorough,
and successful Akashic Reading.
Before reading, number one, prepare your space.
Find a quiet, peaceful, clean space free of distractions.
Clear your body and space and align with your environment.
Use the pillar of light exercise,
pulling up loving earth energies with your hands
and source energy from above,
asking the light to clear energies that are not yours
and non-beneficial energies.
Use this tool to clear your space as well,
imagining it as a body.
Prepare timer, recording device, et cetera.
Number two, greet your client, make them comfortable,
offer water if in person.
Number three, have them sign a consent form
if you feel guided to do so.
I personally do not do this.
Whatever comes up in the reading
is held in the strictest of confidence.
Number four, explain to them what a reading is like,
how you receive information,
and what type of questions to ask.
Write down their full name and birthday
if in person, you can give them paper and pen
to take notes during reading.
Number one, closing your eyes.
Using the pillar of light tool mentioned before
to clear and center yourself.
Number two, do the divine heart triangle.
Connect your heart chakra with theirs
and also to the divine.
It might be good to know where they are located
to direct your energy to theirs,
which is why I always ask people their location.
This process allows you to connect
with your client's energy
and read their auric field with your third eye,
which is super helpful if you have taken
Recognizing Extraterrestrial Frequencies webinar,
which we have provided for free as part of this course.
Say aloud, only the highest vibrations of love and light
can be in the space and all objects in the space
for the highest good of your client's full name
and myself for this reading today.
All other energies must leave now.
Wait and notice the shift.
Then read aloud, I call in the highest level of the divine
that knows that love is the power and the truth
from which we read the highest level guides
and angels of client's full name
and myself to help us with this reading.
Wait and notice the shift.
Then read aloud, Archangel Michael, hold this space for us.
And so it is.
Number two, read the pathway prayer and begin the reading.
Record and set timer.
Relay how you connect with their records
and any information that is coming through for them.
Ask them to tell you what's going on
and notice the three levels of healing
to be explained in a later video.
Reach for the light and reread prayer
if you feel resistance, judgment, and fear.
I've personally never had to do this,
but it's good to know if needed.
Number three, read closing prayer when finished.
Rub your hands together and move one hand
towards your client and the other towards you,
saying aloud, your energy goes with you,
my energy stays with me.
Bow and say aloud, I thank you for allowing me
to facilitate your reading today.
I wish you love and blessings on your journey.
After reading, after they leave
or you end the Zoom or Google Meet call,
clear yourself and your space with the pillar of light,
like we did before, and ground yourself.
The pathway prayer process by Linda Howe.
Opening prayer, part one, read aloud
when reading for yourself and others.
And so we do acknowledge the forces of light
asking for guidance, direction,
and courage to know the truth
as it is revealed for our highest good
and the highest good of everyone connected to us.
Part two, read aloud when reading for yourself,
read to yourself when reading others.
O Holy Spirit of God, read aloud for yourself and others.
Protect me from all forms of self-centeredness.
Read to yourself when reading for others
and direct my attention to the work at hand.
Read to yourself when reading for others.
Part three will be read three times.
Read aloud once, then to yourself two times
when reading for yourself and others.
Help me to know yourself or your client's legal name
in the light of the Akashic Records.
To see you or your client's legal name
through the eyes of the Lords of the Records.
And enable me to share the wisdom and compassion
that the master's teachers and loved ones have
for you or your client's legal name.
Part four, read aloud when reading for yourself and others.
The records are now open.
Closing prayer, read aloud.
I would like to thank the master's teachers
and loved ones for their love and compassion.
I would like to thank the Lords of the Records
for their point of view.
And I would like to thank the Holy Spirit of light
for all knowledge and healing.
The records are now closed, amen.
The records are now closed, amen.
The records are now closed, amen.
Next, I will demonstrate the pathway prayer process
by Linda Howe.
In the areas where you would use your client's name,
I'm gonna use my own.
And so we do acknowledge the forces of light,
asking for guidance, direction,
and courage to know the truth,
as it is revealed for our highest good
and the highest good of everyone connected to us.
Oh, Holy Spirit of God,
protect me from all forms of self-centeredness
and direct my attention to the work at hand.
Help me to know Debbie Solaris
in the light of the Akashic Records,
to see Debbie Solaris through the eyes
of the Lords of the Records,
and enable me to share the wisdom and compassion
that the master's teachers and loved ones have
for Debbie Solaris.
The records are now open.
Closing prayer, I would like to thank
the master's teachers and loved ones
for their love and compassion.
I would like to thank the Lords of the Records
for their point of view.
And I would like to thank the Holy Spirit of light
for all knowledge and healing.
The records are now closed, amen.
The records are now closed, amen.
The records are now closed, amen.
I will be providing all of these steps and processes
in written hard copy forms
in the supplemental material for this module,
along with a quick reference guide.
So do not worry if you can't remember the entire process.
I've been doing Akashic readings for years,
and I still use these written references all the time.
We'll also be practicing this process together
and as part of your homework quite a lot
during the next three weeks.
So you all will be old pros at this
after we complete module week eight,
and by the time we end this course.
Why is a formal training and process
of reading the Galactic Akashic records so important?
Because we are working within the highest dimensional fields
when doing Akashic readings,
whether they be earth-based or galactic,
learning the clearing and pathway prayer process
is a procedure that allows us
not only to keep ourselves and our spaces energetically safe
while doing an Akashic reading,
but also through the beautiful words and language
we speak out loud as we clear and connect,
gives us a direct vibrational pathway to the Akashic field.
As we speak the opening prayer of the pathway prayer,
the energetic vibrations of the words and phrases
creates a bridge of light that allows us to shift
from our normal human consciousness
to the divine universal consciousness.
Then later, as we speak the closing prayer,
our consciousness shifts back
until we are our old selves again.
The entire formal process ensures our success
in not only accessing the Akashic records,
but also enabling us to disconnect from them
as gently and uneventfully as possible.
It's a weird thing to mention,
but oftentimes when I'm doing a Galactic Akashic reading,
I'm so connected to the Akashic field,
the Akashic guides and my client's guides,
I don't even remember what I've downloaded
and channeled for my client
until I happened to re-listen to their reading recording
and or they tell me what I've told them
later after the reading.
That's the level of connectedness you'll want to aspire to
when reading the Galactic Akashic records.
That is not you or your intuition
that's dictating the reading,
but direct information from divine source.
This is especially important with Galactic readings.
As much of the time we have no frame of reference
when accessing information about
extraterrestrial star systems
and far off galaxies and universes.
We'll want to connect with the Lords of the Records,
masters and teachers to help us understand
and interpret what we're seeing
when we're navigating through these galactic records.
Recommendations for the first 30 days
of learning to read the Akashic records.
Number one, do access and read your own Akashic records
every day for at least 10 days.
I'm a big believer that we always want to practice
on ourselves first.
If we cannot or refuse to access our own records,
how can we expect to be proficient
in reading the Akashic records for others?
Reading for ourselves enables us to learn
to navigate the information within the records
that might not be pleasant or easy to see and talk about.
So we'll know how to manage this kind of information
when we are reading for clients and loved ones.
Number two, do offer Akashic readings to others.
Once you've learned to access the Akashic records,
the quickest way to get comfortable with giving readings
is to practice as much as you can on others.
So it's okay to approach people and ask them
if you can give them a reading rather than wait to be asked.
Explain to them that you are learning
to read the Akashic records
and ask if you can practice on them.
If they say yes, cool beans.
If not, move on to someone else.
I always give the guideline of doing at least 10 to 15
free Akashic readings for other people
before considering going professional with your practice.
Number three, do not collect money for your Akashic readings
at least for the first 30 days.
Offering free readings for the first 30 days
will allow you the room for practice
and not being perfect with your readings.
This will allow you to grow with your practice
and not feel pressured to perform
because you're getting paid.
After you decide to start charging for your readings,
do ask your guides and hire yourself
what fee seems appropriate for you
to charge for your services.
Number four, do not mix your Akashic readings
with other systems or disciplines.
Before you start mixing your Akashic readings
with other systems or modalities,
it's important to know what the records are
as well as what they can do.
Otherwise, you may not be able to tell
what practice or modality you're working with
is creating which result.
Once you get more comfortable
with reading the Akashic records,
it's totally okay to combine it with other modalities
and spiritual healing processes.
In the next video, we will get more specific
about the benefits of the Galactic Akashic Records
as well as learning more about the people
who were the forerunners
of this new Galactic Akashic reading modality.
