you
you
Oh, let me just do a mute. So
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
you
turn off some audio
you
All right, can everybody hear us okay?
Looks like they can hear us.
Thank you.
All right, good morning everybody.
Thank you for being here.
Thank you for joining us for the second annual Galactic Akashic Reading Course.
And we're closing out on week one, module one, so this is the Q&A for module one.
And we have quite a few questions this morning, so I do want to get into those momentarily
but before we do that, we're just going to call out some places where people are from.
We always like to do that, kind of get things warmed up.
And then I'll go through a little bit of housekeeping, not that much this week,
and then we'll get into the questions.
We are going to focus on the questions that people submitted previously first,
so I want to get through as many of those as I can.
Just a little caveat, anything that is a real personal question,
I'm not likely going to answer that because that's something that should be answered more offline.
And if you need resources for that, we'll definitely help you with that.
Other than that, we're going to answer as many as we can.
And then if we have time, we'll take some questions from the chat box.
So let's just kind of call out some locations.
I think we got some really interesting ones here today.
So we got somebody from Quito, Ecuador.
That's Maria Elena.
And I've actually been to Quito.
I know it quite well.
Love Quito.
It's definitely a really weird city.
It's between two mountain ranges, so it's a skinny city.
Then we got, let's see, Patricia is from Italy.
Thank you.
And we got somebody from British Columbia, Tammy.
We got Rose Smith from Las Vegas.
Las Vegas, Nova Scotia.
And then we got Montreal Quebec.
And then we got Alice from Brazil and Jodi from Massachusetts.
And oh, thank you, Annalise.
I appreciate the kind comments.
She's from Estonia.
And we got Jamie from South Carolina.
We got Estonia, Glendale, California.
Yeah, I know where that's at.
Upstate New York.
Woohoo.
That's where my hubby's from.
So I know upstate New York very well.
Priscilla's from London.
Woohoo.
I want to go to London.
I've never been there.
Never been to London.
And then we got Michelle from Long Island, New York.
And then Georgina's from the DC area.
Been there.
And then everybody's can hear us.
So that's good.
Yeah, we like that.
DeeDee is from Northern California.
Beautiful area.
Samantha's from Connecticut, USA.
Actually, Samantha, I'm going to be in Connecticut this summer.
I'm going to be teaching at a spiritual workshop in Madison, Connecticut.
I don't know if I think that's kind of close to New Haven.
So you might want to look into maybe coming to join us.
So there'll be more information about that.
Oh, thank you.
I appreciate the nice comment.
Buckinghamshire, UK.
That's Danielle.
Wow.
Atlanta.
Seoul is from Atlanta.
And then Andrea's from Iceland.
But she's living in the Catskills in New York.
And we got Tess from Sedona.
And Pacific Grove.
Adriana's in Canada.
And Jodi's from Whitby Island.
Patricia.
I know Patricia.
Hi, Patricia.
It's good to see you.
Sarasota, Florida.
And then we got Holly and Mount Shasta.
We got Raven and Virginia Beach.
Jennifer's in Sedona.
Just came back from there.
Sandra is from Mexico City.
So you probably know about the UFology conference
they have there in December.
And then Amanda's from Washington State.
We got Karen from Australia.
Sandra from Croatia.
So we got a good variety of different places.
Marcella's from San Antonio, Texas.
Know that town very well.
Then we got Masami from Glastonbury.
Wow.
Okay.
I was trying to get to Glastonbury this year.
Didn't work out, but hopefully next year.
And then Simona's from Switzerland.
And Wendy's from the Netherlands.
And then we got San Diego.
And then we got Scott in Denver.
So that's a hometown person.
Jessica's from Massachusetts.
Wendy is from Kalamazoo, Michigan.
France is from Arizona.
Then we got Marina from Norway.
Seoul is from Peru.
East is from San Diego.
So yeah, we got a few places here.
I know we got Natalia from Greece.
And now I'm going to end there.
So just some housekeeping.
We want to kind of limit the questions to the topic.
So if we're working on a certain topic in module one,
because we have our course design to where
each module builds on the others.
So there might be some questions that are asked,
and I'm going to answer all of them,
but that where you can get more information
and the upcoming modules.
So we do want to kind of limit as much as we can
the questions to the module that's being promoted
within the week that we're in.
But we'll take questions as we can.
Like I said, I'm going to try to answer
as many of them as I can today.
And then, oh, looks like we got somebody from Istanbul.
Oh, very cool.
Okay, so any other housekeeping they can think of, powers?
Just like a replay, as always,
will be made available shortly for those who can't attend live.
Yeah, so we always provide a replay.
And we usually try to get those uploaded,
if not the same day by the very latest, the very next day.
So you'll definitely get a replay.
And we usually post those on Kajabi
in the section in the module that deals with the Zoom.
So do look for that the day after,
if you don't see it the same day.
Other than that, I think we can get straight into the questions.
So let's go ahead and do that.
Let me get into some of these here.
So what beginner book or source do you recommend
to learn the Sakashik Records reading skill
for people who currently can't afford your program?
I would say definitely any of Linda Howe's books,
How to Read the Akashik Records.
I know her style doesn't resonate with everybody,
but she does do a really awesome job
of really showing a process of how to access the records.
And so that's why I really like to use her book.
And that's how I learned how to access the records
or at least access it on a more,
I would say a way that's more of a process oriented.
So I do like her method,
even though her language can be very Christian oriented.
So it doesn't resonate with everybody.
I do think later in the course,
we will provide an alternate pathway prayer
or an alternate prayer process
to access the records as more galactic.
So if you guys are interested in that, let me know.
And we'll post that in I think module six.
Okay.
We've been getting this question a lot.
Do I need to be clairvoyant or psychic
or have spiritual gifts in order to read the Akashik Records?
The answer is no, but there's a caveat to that.
The training of accessing the Akashik Records
actually helps you to activate your gifts.
So as you're learning the whole process
of opening your third eye,
which you learned in recognizing
extraterrestrial frequencies webinar
and some of the other gifts,
that's going to activate your clairvoyant
or your clair gifts.
So it's a yes and no answer actually.
But just the process of practicing
to learn the Akashik Records
will help you tune into those gifts.
So no, you don't necessarily have to have them to begin with,
but you will develop them.
Let's see.
Is everybody able to access the Akashik Records
after completing the course?
You know, I always say this
and you can take it for what it is,
but my belief is whatever you put into something
is what you get out of it.
So the more effort you put towards practicing
and going through the steps
and working with the information
that we give you in the coming modules,
you should be able to access the records.
Now, is it 100%?
No, it's never 100% of anything.
It is what it is, you know.
So I would say even last year,
you know, when we went, when we offered this course,
I would say at least 80 to 90% of the people
that took the course were able to read the records.
So I would say those odds are pretty good.
Okay, what does reading a Galactic Akashik Record
entail for a client?
Or is it solely based on their questions?
I actually like this question
because I think people have different styles
of doing Akashik readings
or doing Galactic Akashik readings
if you want to get that specific.
With me personally, I did a free flow.
So usually when I would do a reading for a client,
I would just let whatever comes through, comes through.
And I tend to be very linear in my process.
So I would oftentimes start from the very beginning.
So it was like telling their whole soul story, you know.
So where they originated from, you know,
what was their soul's first inception into reality?
You know, so that's how I based my readings on.
So it wasn't necessarily question based.
Now, if somebody, although I did take questions, you know,
during the reading, if a client had a question,
I would certainly want to answer their question.
But with follow up readings for clients,
sometimes I would make it more question based
depending on what the client's needs are.
But I think this is more of a,
it's more of a whatever your personal style is, you know.
So if, you know, if you're somebody that likes to get questions
and base it off of questions, then, you know,
you got to do you, you know.
If you're somebody that's more of a free flow like me,
then you probably would rather do that.
So, and I think it also depends on what the client's needs are.
So usually when I start off doing a reading for somebody,
I would always ask them questions.
Like, what are you hoping to get out of this reading?
Just very basic general questions.
What are your expectations for this reading?
And it gives me a clue of what they're tuning into.
So if there is something specific that they want to know,
when I get into the records, I'll focus in on that, you know.
So if they're really wanting to know about their sole mission,
then I make sure to really focus on that in the records.
But that's a really great question, thank you.
I'm very interested in the angelic realm
and would like to know if the course will talk about that.
The angelic realm.
I used to teach a little bit about that in some of my presentations
I did in the Front Range area of Colorado.
I went into some of the angelics.
I chose not to do it in this course because
there's so much information we're going to be covering
about different galactic races and different galactic history
and the civilizations of these different star races
that I just felt like it was going to be overwhelming.
So I will probably offer a separate course,
like kind of an adjunct course on the angelic realm
and how to work with them.
But it's not something we really are deeply focused in this course
because we had so much information that we're covering
that it just would have gotten really overwhelming.
But hang in there, we are going to develop something shortly
on the angelic realm.
Will there be consideration for those who have a different learning style?
I've tried to create this course to be encompassing for all different levels.
So I wanted to make this course very accessible for beginners,
but also engaging enough for intermediate and advanced folks,
so folks who have been practicing for a while.
But as far as different learning types,
we do provide different types of supplemental materials,
either through videos or through documents
or through meditations and so forth,
that gives people, I think, enough variety
to where they can learn in different ways.
So I hope that answers your question.
Will this class also teach how to access Earth Akashic records
or just discuss the differences between the galactic and Earth records?
So this is my feeling about the differences between Earth and galactic records.
When you're accessing the Akashic realm,
there is no department of Earth records
or in a different department for galactic records.
I mean, it's all part of the records.
It's all there.
So when you're learning the Akashic process,
you're going to have access to galactic records and Earth records.
So there is no differentiation between the two.
It's just wherever you're building your focus on.
So let's say if you're in the records
and you're looking at somebody's particular records,
and you want to look at their Earth records,
you're going to access their Earth records.
And we teach you how to work with that with the Akashic guides.
We're going to get more into that in weeks six through eight,
particularly six and seven is where we really get into those skill sets.
But there is no differentiation between the records.
It's just it's there.
It's all encompassing.
So you're going to get Earth records.
You're going to get galactic records.
You're going to get whatever records you want,
even if it's in, I don't know, some far off universe.
I've gotten records actually from other universes.
And we're going to talk about that in I think module four,
where we talk about the doll race.
So which is really they're a race from a different universe
and they had an influence on Aldebaran and the Pleiades.
So you guys will probably really like that.
Let's see if there's any other.
Okay, I'm looking to understand what the Akashic records are,
what realm it is, what it's not, how it's different.
I don't know much about it other than the stores,
all information, thoughts from past, present and future.
We are going to get more into the specifics on the Akashic records
on weeks six through eight.
So that's going to answer all of your questions there.
So I don't want to get into specifically
all your different questions here,
only because that's going to get answered.
Right now, weeks through one through four,
we're very focused on the galactic history.
It's very galactic history focused.
So you're going to feel like, oh,
we're not talking much about the records in these weeks.
That's true because I wanted to give you guys a foundation
of what you're going to be looking at
when we start accessing the records after week five.
So all these questions are going to be answered for you.
As far as the Akashic records,
they are the energetic records of the universe.
They're located in the highest dimensional realms,
which is the realms of five through 13 dimensions.
So it's very high up there.
That's why a lot of people,
when they access the Akashic records,
they get this energetic boost.
They get this vibration boost
because you're actually connecting with those higher realms.
And sometimes we talk about in the records,
having to ground yourself after a session
because you do get really high from being in the record.
You get exhausted too.
So it's a high end exhaustion at the same time.
But it is located in the higher dimensional realms.
So I hope that answers some of your questions,
but hang in there.
We're going to be going more and more into this,
into module six.
Somebody says here,
I have studied many spiritual modalities
over the last decade
and spent enormous amounts of money on courses.
Girl, I feel you, okay.
I feel you there.
It is a girl or boy, or I don't know.
I don't see the name here.
The experiences and teachings were wonderful.
But from a financial point of view,
to build a business structure,
the work has not been a profitable venture.
The Outlay makes me nervous.
What makes this course so different?
That's a really good question.
And it's something I actually thought about
when I developed this course.
A lot of you don't know this.
But I actually have a background in instructional design.
I've done instructional design for various IT companies,
as well as for the military.
So these courses are usually laid out very specifically
for certain course objectives.
And one of the course objectives I had in mind
was how can somebody use this information
to build a spiritual practice
that would be beneficial for them.
So I think what makes this course different
is that we give you a lot of tools to build your practice.
So it's not just some cute videos
and just some recommendations of books,
although that is part of the course.
Each module is going to build on the next module.
So you're going to feel much more comfortable
with the information that's going to be processed.
From a financial point of view,
just having the galactic information
is going to put you way ahead of the game.
I was just talking about this with my team
that just knowing the galactic history information
is the key to opening up all your gifts.
I know that sounds very grandiose,
but it really is the key.
You're going to find when you're doing these readings
that your clients are going to get aha moments
during your sessions with them
that they're not going to get just from a Reiki session
or from a past life regression.
It's going to be mind boggling
just how activated people become
when you're doing an Akashic records reading for them.
So you're going to see a lot more success with your practice.
From there, you will be able to build a client base
that's going to be a very loyal client base.
So I say that will have a very beneficial financial aspect.
One of the things I do do during the graduation ceremony
is I do a little presentation
on how to build a spiritual business.
So my goal is to help support you.
You'll also be able to have the opportunity
to subscribe to being on my directory.
That's going to help build your business
because you'll get referrals from my website.
So there's a few more tools.
Also, you'll be able to interact with people
in the Galactic Akashic Facebook group.
So there's tools that we're going to be providing for you.
That's going to be a little beyond
what the typical Akashic reading course is.
So I hope that helps you
because I do want you to be successful.
Will there be any captions for deaf and hard
of hearing people on this Galactic
Akashic records or reading course?
So we do provide captions on all the videos.
I don't know if we provide captions
for the webinars or the Q&As.
Is that something that we're able to do, Alan?
I believe closed captioning is an option.
Yeah, it's part of your settings on your Zoom in the window.
I just turned it on for the one I'm using
and you can see it in real time.
You could be reading along.
So that's a good way to help.
Yeah, so I do think we have,
and then there's a lot of supplemental materials also
that will enable you to also get information
to help if you're hard of hearing.
So I hope that helps.
How can you access galactic history?
Well, you're going to be learning it in the next few weeks.
So you're going to be accessing a lot of it.
So yeah, just stay tuned.
Yeah, you're going to get pretty much a crash course
in galactic history and how it connects with planet Earth
in weeks one through four.
Now, weeks five, okay, a lot of people ask,
you know, how come you're not doing this continuously?
How come you have a break in week five?
The reason why I designed a course that way
is because you get so much information
from weeks one through four
that sometimes we need some time to digest it.
So week five is basically just there
to help you digest all the information
that you'll be receiving from weeks one through four.
So it's just there as a tool to help you.
And sometimes we just need a break.
It's kind of like if you're taking a college course
and you need your spring break, you know,
just to kind of regroup.
And in weeks five, we're not going to have a Q&A.
So everyone will just have kind of like a little mini break,
you know, during that time.
But it's mainly just to help you kind of absorb
all the information.
And then from there, we'll really dive deep
into how to access the Akashic records.
So we get into the very specifics
and there's a lot of tips and tricks
and, you know, skill sets
that you'll be developing during that time.
Some people have asked me about, you know,
are you going to do private practice sessions?
I don't have the capacity to do that for 285 people
or however many people we have in this course.
But what we have done last year
is that we, through the Facebook group,
and we might even try to do this in Kajabi,
where people can develop their own practice groups
depending on what area of the world they're in.
So I think last year we had a Europe group
and then we had an Australia group
and then we had a group for Canada and North America,
you know, so that's kind of self-directed amongst you guys.
So if you're part of the Facebook group,
you might want to try to set that up now
or connect with some people.
And we'll try to facilitate some of that too.
But we found that these self-motivated
or self-guided groups
really help people to practice a lot.
So we will do some practice runs on the Q&A.
So particularly in weeks six through eight,
we'll do some practice runs with some skill sets.
We did that last year.
But as far as individually,
I just don't have the capacity to do that.
But hopefully this helps.
Okay, I think we already answered this question.
I cannot watch the recording live.
Yeah, we do send the recording out,
the recording link out pretty much if not same day,
at least the very next day after the Q&A.
Okay, yeah, this kind of,
I think I answered this question too.
In the eight-week program,
do we have an opportunity to practice reading
with one another to earn a certification?
So I do set up a little bit of a,
you'll see this in the homework section,
where I do set up some practice runs
where I will require you to do at least 10 readings for free.
And then you're supposed to log in
what you get out of the reading.
So who you're doing the reading for,
you know, just the basic information.
And then what are you getting out of the reading?
And this is just mainly to build your skills.
You know, so we do provide, I think, a worksheet on that.
I think that's in week six and seven.
So that's going to help you a lot.
And for people that have not done these readings before,
we do require at least 10 free readings in order to,
this could be for your friends, your family, for people.
It doesn't matter who it is.
But we do provide that guideline
for you to get your certification.
Okay, this is another really good question here.
Can I be an Akashic reader along with being a practitioner
of Dolores Cannon's hypnosis technique called QHHT?
Yes. This is actually a really good adjunct training
for the QHHT practice.
I know there's quite a few QHHT practitioners
that are taking this course right now.
I think what this course does is it enables you
to really understand what your clients are seeing
when you're questioning your clients during a QHHT session.
So it enables you to ask more thoughtful questions
or guide them in a more deliberate way
rather than, you know, oh, I don't know
what my client is talking about,
but I'm just going to ask some general questions.
So when you add on the Galactic Akashic Reading Course
skill sets, this enables you to maybe sometimes
even see what your clients are seeing, you know,
as you're doing the hypnosis session.
So it's a very, very good adjunct skill
to what you guys are currently doing.
Okay.
Hey, do all humans have a hidden key
or dormant knowledge encoded in our DNA?
And is this the key that will open the gates
to the next steps in the afterlife?
If it's not achieved in this life,
when did the cycle start over again?
Birth, death, and rebirth.
Till we understand that we've been put here to learn this,
one has to understand this before we can venture
into the next dimension.
Best regards, Kim.
That's a good question, Kim.
I believe very wholeheartedly that this information,
these abilities are encoded in all of our DNA.
So it's not that I have a special skill
beyond the rest of you or I have a special password.
We all have these abilities.
I was a very ordinary human.
I still am a very ordinary human in a lot of ways,
but I'm kind of goofy.
But for some reason, you know, I had an experience
that opened up this portal for me.
You're going to find as you take this course
that these skills are going to be activated within you as well.
So to answer your question, yes, it is encoded in all of our DNA.
And I do believe that this is the key.
I don't know about the gates to the next steps in the afterlife.
I'm not sure what you mean by that,
but I do believe that this is the key
to activate your highest potential.
And this is going to be part of a long journey of processes
for you.
So it's not just going to be like,
oh, you learn Akashic records reading,
and that's the be all end all.
It's going to lead you to other skill sets,
other abilities, other opportunities
for training that's going to help you to develop yourself
on your spiritual path.
As far as not achieving it in this life,
I do think you do have the choice
because we're all free will beings,
to have other opportunities to learn lessons.
And we do talk about that a little bit
in the three levels of healing.
We're going to learn about this in, I think, module six or seven.
So we do talk about the three levels of healing.
And that's a process you're going to use a lot
when you're doing these Akashic readings.
But you do have the opportunity to learn again.
And so I hope that answers your question.
OK, this is a really, this is a question I get a lot, actually.
Is this, is what's in the Akashic record set in stone,
or can your destiny be rewritten?
I get that question a lot, particularly
when doing Akashic clearing sessions.
And we're going to be developing a course this summer
on the next level course,
which is the Akashic clearing and healing,
which we're hoping to offer this fall.
I'm keeping my fingers crossed that we can do that for you guys.
So to answer this question,
in a way they are set in stone,
because it's particularly if it's a past event.
So if it's a past event, you can't necessarily change it.
Things are what they are.
However, there is this ability within the records
to set new intentions,
or maybe heal some aspects
to where you're not replaying the same lessons
over and over and over again.
And we're going to talk about this, like I said,
more in our next course.
But I do believe we're free willed beings.
We have the ability to create what we want to create.
We're all co-creators here.
So you can, to a certain extent, rewrite your destiny.
But there are certain aspects of the records
that can't be changed, but they can be modified.
So I don't know if that makes sense to you.
But we'll talk about that more in the second part of our course.
What do I need to keep in mind during the program?
Like any suggestions, for example,
avoiding alcohols, suggested times for studies, etc.,
basically all the suggestions.
So we do talk about ethics and protocols
to use when doing Akashic readings.
I think this was week seven or eight,
where we do talk about ethics in doing Akashic readings.
As far as just taking this course,
I would say keeping a clear mind.
Obviously, you want to be comfortable
and feel secure in accessing the records.
And we teach you how to do the clearing work and all that.
But as far as avoiding alcohol,
I'm a big proponent for avoiding any mind-altering substances.
When I did Akashic readings regularly,
I did not use alcohol on the days I was going to do readings,
or even the day before.
And I have a family that loves alcohol.
We all love our partake of things, but like that.
So my family just knew that, you know what,
my husband knew that too.
Like, you know, there are some days I'm not going to partake.
And that goes for any other recreational substances.
So I would say that helps.
Getting a good night's sleep helps a lot.
I've done readings in the past,
not very many, fortunately,
that I've done them while I was tired
and really affected the level of information
I was getting from the records.
So you really want to make sure to get a good night's sleep
and to take care of yourself,
like you would with any other modality or practice.
But yeah, really good question.
First thing, thanks for all the great information
and insights you offer.
I want to ask, besides Atlantis and Lemuria,
the two early civilizations on Earth,
are there any humanoids that have landed on Gaia before that?
Baccaratians from Baccarati in the constellation of Centaur?
Are you familiar with them?
Thank you.
I'm not familiar with that particular group of people.
So unfortunately, I can't answer that.
I haven't tapped into that part of the records.
I invite you to do that.
Maybe you can share with the rest of us.
But yes, there were galactic races
that were visiting Earth long before Atlantis and Lemuria.
A lot of these groups were some Sirius A and B
and Sirius C, which we will get into that in weeks,
I think, three and four.
There was groups from Andromeda that were colonizing
parts of the planet, particularly the Pacific Rim area.
But there were groups from Andromeda constellation
that were doing scientific studies on planet Earth.
And we do talk about that in this course.
But as far as the particular group
you're looking for information on,
I'm sorry I can't help you there.
But hopefully, this helps a little bit.
Okay.
Okay, how can I find out which galactic family I come from?
Many things in advance.
Okay, part of the reason why you're taking this course
is to get the skills to learn how to do this yourself.
I would say, as you practice,
as you get more information about galactic history
and as you practice accessing the records,
it's going to become very clear to you
which star system or star systems you resonate with
or you connect with.
So I think it's more of an intuitive hit,
usually for most people.
And how can you tune into their frequency?
We do teach that in the recognizing
extraterrestrial frequency course.
That helps to open your third eye.
And we also teach those skills in interacting
when you're more interfacing
with the galactic Akashic guides.
So you're going to have many opportunities
to learn these skills for yourself.
As far as what galactic family,
like I said, you're going to get really tuned
into that in the coming weeks.
So I hope that helps.
Okay, so we've got another question here.
My main question concern is one of integrity.
How much certainty can I have
that I will be able to access the Akashic records
and be 100% honest and ethical about the information
I will give my clients?
I actually really like this question
because it's something I was very concerned about too
when I had my Akashic practice.
I didn't want to give people bad information at all.
I wanted to provide very high level,
high quality readings,
regardless of who I was working with.
Some of the ethical aspects of the reading the records,
we are going to cover in the latter part of this course.
So we even give a list of those ethics to you.
So that's part of the homework.
So you'll have that to keep for your practice.
It's a really good list.
I think you're going to really like it.
As far as being 100% honest and ethical
or honest about the information,
you're going to learn how to interface
with the Akashic guides.
The Akashic guides are not going to steer you wrong.
It's been very rare that I ever got information
that was totally incorrect.
Now, maybe you have your own interpretation
of that information.
And that's something you might want to tell your clients,
like, hey, this is my interpretation
of what I'm seeing in the records.
And then you can allow the client
to draw their own conclusions.
But my experience with,
and I've done thousands of these readings.
I've done thousands of readings
for people all around the planet.
I would say at least 95% of the time,
the information received was totally correct.
That's been my experience.
And like I said, I'm not anybody special.
I don't have any special abilities
beyond what you guys have.
If you rely on your intuition
and on your interfacing with your guides
and with your Akashic guides,
when you're going through an Akashic session,
pretty much you're going to get good information.
I mean, it's not going to be totally off the board.
But again, that takes practice.
And you're going to find that
it's not going to be as overwhelming
or as difficult as maybe,
I think as humans,
we'd have a tendency to overthink things sometimes.
But I know I do that a lot.
But just kind of tune in on to that.
Tune in on to working with a relationship with the guides.
What I mean by that is when you're in the records,
if there's something that you see
that you're not understanding
or you need more information on,
you can just outright ask the guides.
Like, what does this mean?
What am I seeing?
What is, how does this relate to the client?
How does this relate to me
if you're doing a reading for yourself?
So, and the guides are there to help you.
And as far as my connection with the guides,
I found that most of the Akashic guides
tend to be Arcturian beings,
and they're the most ethical race of beings
you can work with.
So, I think you're in pretty good hands
when you're in the records.
Okay, I think we already answered this question.
How will this class be different
than learning to reading regular Akashic records?
I think I already answered that question.
But the way it's different
is that we give you a really good foundation
on galactic history.
We also provide a lot of star charts,
a lot of flow charts, materials
that maybe you won't get
in a regular Akashic reading course.
We provide beautiful videos
for you to watch
and to get information from.
So, I would say this is kind of the next step
beyond a typical Akashic reading course.
But yeah, that's going to help you a lot
in accessing beyond just Earth records.
Okay, this is actually a really good question.
I really like this one.
Will there be direction
on how to clear the negative patterns
found in the records
or just obtain the knowledge about them?
We do give you some guidelines
in weeks seven and eight
on how to deal with negative information.
I actually talked quite a bit about that.
And I think there is a section
on one of the videos
where I talked exclusively about this.
Because there are going to be times
when you go into the records
that you're going to be like,
wow, this is really horrible.
I've seen some real horrible things.
What do I tell the client?
And I've had that happen to me
quite a few times.
So, I'm going to give you some guidelines
on how to deal with that kind of information.
As far as clearing the negative energies,
we are going to talk about that more
in this upcoming course
that we're developing this summer.
So, we will talk about clearing old patterns,
old contracts, that sort of thing
in the advanced Akashic reading course.
But we do give you a little bit of guidelines
on that during this course.
And as far as how to relay that information,
we'll give you some guidelines of that as well.
Basically, I can tell you
that when you do receive negative information,
that's when you really want to rely
on your intuition and your guides,
just like I was telling the previous person.
So, if you're getting really negative information
about somebody, like they went through a horrible death
in a lifetime or something happened,
and you want to ask the guides,
is it appropriate for me to share this information?
And to what degree do I share this information?
So, do I tell them the blow by blow details
or do I kind of give them a summary?
Sometimes you don't want to re-traumatize the client
with a lot of really gory details.
So, you might want to maybe give them a summary
of what you're seeing
or just maybe an abridged version of what you're seeing
rather than all the gory details of what you're seeing.
And sometimes, so that way the client
still gets the information they need.
And then they're able to do what they want with that.
But my experience is usually if you're seeing it
in the records, there's, I would say more typically,
more often than not, it's information
that the client needs to know on some level.
So, you definitely want to make sure that you relay it.
Now, if you're unsure, just ask the guides.
The Akasha guides you're going to find
as you work with them are super, super helpful.
They're never going to withhold
or gatekeep any information from you,
especially if it's for the highest good
of the client that you're working with.
Now, there might be times where they might tell you,
no, it's not appropriate to share this
or no, maybe just share this, but not that.
So, I hope that that is a really good question.
Thank you for asking it.
Okay, would you still be able to see
what's happening in the records,
even though your clairs are not fully developed?
And how long does it take you
to start seeing the records for beginners?
I think this is kind of individually driven.
So, like I said, I think as you access the records,
I think I might have already answered this
to a certain degree, but as you start accessing
the records, your clairs are going to get developed.
You can't help but develop your clairs
when you're in the records.
You're going to be receiving information
through your third eye.
You're going to receiving information
and clairaudiently from the guides.
You're going to start feeling feelings,
smelling smells, hearing music.
You get the full-blown experience
when you're in the records.
So, that in itself is going to help you develop your clairs
even more than you have before,
because you're going to be kind of forced
to develop them while you're in the records.
As far as how long it takes you,
it's different for different people.
I get some people, like myself, for instance,
I started taking a Kashuk reading course
quite a few years ago, and boom, I was in there.
I saw everything.
Some people, it takes a little more practice.
So, you might have to go in there a few times.
You might need to practice with maybe some of your classmates
or with your family or something
to help get you there.
A lot of times what happens to people
when they first start reading the records
is that they get too much information.
It's either or.
They either get no information.
It's like a big black screen
because they're not getting that energetic connection,
which we're going to teach you how to do.
Part of what we taught this week
was the column of light exercise.
That's going to help you really access the records.
The other thing that happens with clients
is they get way too much information all at once,
and they get really overwhelmed,
and they don't know what to focus on.
We teach you how to deal with that too.
I'll teach what's called the dial-down method,
which kind of helps you to get a stream of information
rather than the whole smorgasbord,
which could be really overwhelming.
So, I would say it's really dependent on your own,
I would say abilities and how much practice you put into it.
I can guarantee you the more you practice with it,
the more you're going to get it.
Like I said, we had like a 90% success rate
with the last course, which is phenomenal.
Even my beginner people were getting information
from the records and getting really good information.
So, just hang in there and keep practicing.
Okay, should we take the course
if we just want to learn to access our own records
and not do readings for others?
Absolutely.
Like I mentioned before,
even just accessing the records,
even if you choose not to do readings for others,
and this is not a requirement to take this course.
So, it's not just, oh, you got to do,
have an Akashic Records reading practice
in order to do this course.
No, my main purpose for teaching this course
is to help you develop those clear gifts
and help you to access information from the higher realms.
We were just talking about this this morning,
just within my team.
And it seems like a lot of us have been trained
just through society and through our families,
not to trust our own intuition, to shut that off.
It's not relevant.
It's going to guide you in the wrong direction.
And those are all erroneous trainings and programming.
What my goal with this course
is to help you to access those gifts.
So, you can use it in all aspects of your life.
Even if you decide, you know what,
I don't want to really do this as a training for others.
I just want to just do this for myself
or do it for my friends
or whatever wherever I'm guided to do.
No, I would say this course is good
on that level as well.
So, I'm glad you're here.
Thank you for being here and giving us a chance.
Okay, not sure what they mean by this,
but will there be private sessions?
As far as a private session with me having a reading with me,
no, like I said, I can't do that with 200 and 80, 300 people.
That would just take forever.
As far as private practice sessions,
that won't be with me,
but you can do private practice sessions
with your other students.
And you're going to find that, you know,
throughout this course,
there's going to be some students
that are going to be a little more advanced.
And then there are going to be some that are beginner
and some that are intermediate.
And you all can learn from each other.
So, as far as a private session with me,
no, but you'll definitely get access
to having private sessions with each other.
So, that'll be great.
How long do we have the course available for consultation?
When you purchase the course,
you get a lifetime access to it.
So, you just have to pay for the course once
and you can access the course even next year,
the year after.
I do have some students from last year
that are retaking the course again
because they chose to do that.
Not because they were required to do that,
but because they wanted to have the opportunity
to review all the information.
And we do allow that.
So, you're going to have lifetime access to this course.
So, even if we upgrade the material or we get in,
you know, maybe we upgrade some of the documents,
you'll be able to download those.
So, it'll be great.
The only thing you can't download is the videos
because that is copyrighted
and it is proprietary information.
So, unfortunately, I couldn't make that available,
but everything else you'll be able to download and use.
Okay, I think we already answered some of these.
Okay, this is a really good question.
How will I know that I've accessed the records?
I think it's going to be pretty obvious,
but how I know when I've accessed the records,
this is my own, I guess, my own little QN.
And you might find this is for you
or you might have a different way,
but usually when I'm doing that column of light
and then I do the pathway prayer,
even if I don't do the pathway prayer,
if I just do the column of light exercise
and I feel kind of like a discernible click in my head.
It's not even a sound.
It's more like a frequency or a feeling.
Like, it feels like a click.
I don't know how else to describe it.
And then I start seeing things.
Like, I get a stream of, like, for me is a lot of visuals,
so I start seeing like a movie or some visuals
or even like some images coming through.
That's when you know and you've accessed the records.
And then you oftentimes might even see the Akashic guides
or might have a sense that the Akashic guides are around you.
I don't necessarily always see the Akashic guides
visually.
I can tell their frequency
because I've been in the records so many times.
And I know which ones are the Akashic guides
and which one are my own guides.
And I oftentimes will even work with the client guides.
So the client guides will also come in.
And I've gotten to the point where I can recognize
the frequencies of these different guides.
But yeah, you're going to be able to tell, I think.
Now, if you're just getting a blank screen,
then you're not connected with the record
very well or you're not connected.
That's when you might want to do some tips and tricks
to help boost your vibration.
And we do teach that later in the course.
So there's some things we teach on how to boost your vibration
because you do want to be in a higher vibrational state
or at least be able to access a higher dimension
of frequency state in order to access the records.
But really good question.
Okay.
I'm not sure what they mean by this.
Well, I'll be allowed to ask questions live in the course.
Not sure what they mean by that.
Do you mean live during the course?
That's what we have Kajabi for.
So I think if you have a question and you need an answer,
be sure to post it on Kajabi.
There's a section underneath each of the module sections
where you can post a question.
And either myself or one of the teammates,
team members will try to answer that.
Or you could write to support at debbiecellaris.com.
That's going to help you.
Or you can ask a question in the GARC Facebook group.
And either myself, I usually try to go in,
unless I'm busy, I'm doing a taping with Gaia
or something crazy like that.
I usually try to visit the group at least once a day
and try to have some sort of presence
and interaction with you all.
So if you want to ask questions,
those will be the best formats to ask those.
If you can't join in with a QA, obviously.
And one thing I'll follow up with that, Debion,
because we're getting a lot of comments here in the chat
for people sharing their emails, which is great.
You're welcome to self-organize.
And a lot of you guys don't have Facebook.
So again, that's what Debbie is referring to.
In Kajabi, you can go in there
and post your emails in forum groups there
and do your own private self-guided practice sessions.
Yeah, you guys are going to get a lot out of that.
I know it sounds like, oh, well, we'd rather do that
with Debbie either.
You're going to get so much out of interacting
with each other.
It's actually going to be even better.
So yeah, last year we got very great feedback
from the practice sessions.
OK, not sure what this question is about.
Well, I have to bypass that one for now.
OK, I think we already answered that.
When does a person benefit more from a galactic Akashic reading
as opposed to Akashic reading?
Well, that's a really good question.
I guess it's according to your client's needs.
Like sometimes I've done readings
where I was mostly focused on Earth lives.
And I know that sounds crazy coming from a galactic Akashic reader.
But for whatever reason, my client or the person
I was working with really needed to focus in
on those Earth records.
And so that was what the reading was focused on.
Sometimes they do benefit more from knowing their galactic history.
Now, I have to say that if you're taking this course
and if you're attracted to this course,
there's probably a reason why you're attracted to this course.
Because you are meant to work with starseeds
and with lightworkers that have had old souls
that have had incarnations in other realms
and other realities and dimensions.
So you might decide that, you know what,
I'm going to focus mostly on galactic Akashic readings.
But usually when you ask those precursor questions,
in the beginning when you're connecting with your client,
you're going to get a feel for what they're looking for.
So some clients might come in and say,
I want to know all about my galactic family.
I want to know about my galactic soul journey.
And then you'll know, okay, I'm going to focus in on that
when I'm in the records.
Then you might have clients that said,
you know, I had a QHHT session
about this particular lifetime in Atlantis.
I need more information on that.
And then you know to focus in on the earth records.
So I think there's some guidelines you can use
and sometimes the guides will help you too.
It's kind of interesting, you know, I've done readings
where, you know, I would just go into something in the records.
I'll be going into this whole description of something.
And then my client will say,
you know, I had all these questions,
but you answered all my questions
because the guides knew, you know,
they knew what the client was.
So you're going to find that happens a lot.
This would be a certified course.
Yes, we do give you a certification after the course.
It's an actual diploma.
You can put it in a frame and hang it on your wall.
It's a beautiful diploma, actually.
Christina did a beautiful job creating it.
It'll be signed by me and Christina.
She's the course administrator.
She couldn't be with us today,
but you will see her from time to time in some of the Q&A's.
So yeah, we do give you a certification
and you can use it for what you will.
But yes, we do certify this course.
So you will get that certification.
Now, just as a little side note,
I know some of you are kind of co-taking this course
with other people and that's great.
That's fine.
I'm cool with that because I know these courses are expensive
and I'm all for sharing information
and going through it with somebody that you trust and love.
But unfortunately, because of the way Kajabi is set up,
I can only give one certification per purchase.
So you might have to decide within the two of you
or three of you who's going to get the certification.
Okay, what do you see experience
when you tap into the Akashic records?
I might have answered some of that,
but I think it's dependent on a lot of different factors.
So sometimes I would have experiences in the Akashic records
that are very different from the previous Akashic reading I've done.
I think a lot of it's driven by your clients,
what their needs are, maybe their learning style,
maybe the way they absorb information.
But there was times when I have access to records
where most of the information I received was energetic
or clairsentient maybe rather than clairvoyant or clairaudient.
There was another times where a lot of the information
I received was clairaudient.
Most of the time, I'm a very visual person,
so I get a lot of information clairvoyantly.
And that's how it looks like a movie a lot of times.
So a lot of times when you get into the records
and you tune into that particular client or your own records,
you'll start seeing a movie playing out,
kind of like picking a movie on Netflix.
You'll see the story.
That's why when you first get into the records
and you get the smorgasbord of information,
you don't want to get too distracted
from all the different lifetimes or dimensions that you're seeing.
You want to focus in just on one,
and then you'll see the story play out.
So that's how it exhibits itself for me.
Now, we all have different abilities,
so somebody might get most of their information more clairaudiently.
Somebody else might have more of a clairsentience about something.
So it's really dependent on various factors,
but usually it's pretty visual.
Okay, not sure what they mean by that.
Let's see.
Is it different than the angelic realm or other realms?
I think they're referring to the Akashic records.
I would say it's more informational than the angelic realm.
The angelic realm, people usually tap into that to get healing
or to clear.
We are going to go more into that in the advanced course,
but it is more of an informational realm.
So it's going to feel more like a library
or more like a storehouse of information,
but it is going to be very high vibrational.
So it's going to feel maybe there's going to be some similarities
to connecting with angels or connecting with higher dimensional beings.
I know we have a few channelers that are taking this course right now.
But there's going to be kind of a different frequency to it.
It's hard to explain.
You just have to experience it.
Okay, there's another really good question.
I have been so drawn to this course.
I know the planet and humanity are evolving.
Lately, I've been feeling that a lot of the old-style teachings
and healing modalities are not as potent as they used to be,
and I wonder why.
Is this galactic knowledge, wisdom,
and understanding what is needed now,
creating new awareness in the timeframe
to step towards the direction of oneness?
I love this question.
I think about this a lot, actually,
and actually experience that with my practice.
So what we're seeing right now is the old modalities
that used to be so beneficial,
like even a few decades ago, are kind of losing its potency.
The reason for that is because our consciousness is expanding.
Just to give you an example of that,
I know we have a lot of Reiki practitioners in the course,
and I love Reiki.
I think Reiki is an awesome modality.
But Reiki was a modality that was very beneficial last century.
So Reiki came into the consciousness here
on planet Earth during this timeline in the 1940s.
It was started in Japan, and it kind of expanded from there.
And it's a modality that actually originated
from Sirius and Vega.
So I think it was actually developed in Sirius.
The concept started in Vega, but it became more developed.
And there's a lot of Syrian and Orion symbols that are used.
But Reiki nowadays is losing some of its benefit
because we're evolving beyond the need for Reiki.
So now a lot of us are looking for higher level,
energetic healing rather than Reiki.
Now it's not the downplay Reiki.
Like I said, I have great respect for the practice.
And I do think in certain situations,
it could be very beneficial.
I know I used Reiki a lot when I was recovering
from breast cancer, and it was very beneficial for me.
But you're going to find, especially as you get
into this galactic Akashic process of learning these skill sets,
that a lot of the modalities that you used in the past
are not going to seem as effective as they were in the past
because now you're learning new skills.
And now the consciousness is ready
for those new higher level skills, modalities, and practices.
So yeah, great question.
Thank you.
Okay.
I think we already answered this question too,
but what is the best confirmation
you are receiving true information
about someone's galactic history?
Like I said before, when you're in the records,
it's not going to steer you wrong.
So it might be your interpretation of what you're seeing
might be a little skewed.
So that's something you need to work on with your guides.
But usually the guides, the Akashic guides
are very straightforward.
So if you don't understand something you're seeing
in the records, you can always ask them.
And they're going to give you very straightforward answers.
So I haven't been steered wrong yet.
I mean, Powers is my star brother.
And we often joke how my guides are so right on.
They're like 100% right all the time.
And you're going to find out with your guides too.
And like I said, a lot of the Akashic guides are Arcturians
and they're never going to steer you wrong.
So I think you can feel fairly certain
that the information you're getting
is going to be really good information.
Okay. I think we already answered this one.
Okay.
Some of these I just can't answer.
They're too personal.
Sorry, guys.
Okay.
Oh, this is a really good question.
We're going to talk about this more in weeks six through eight.
What is the normal price to ask from a client
for a reading after getting certified?
What would be other supporting services to study in the future?
I actually like this question because it shows
that you have some foresight about using these skills.
And I really appreciate that.
I would say, you know, there are such varying rates
with Akashic readings.
And I think a lot of it depends on your skill sets
and what you feel comfortable charging.
For instance, I charged,
when I first started off doing Akashic readings
when I was just practicing, I didn't charge anything.
I mean, I was giving people a real bargain.
And then I charged like $40.
Oh, let me practice on you.
And if you write me a review,
I'll just charge you $40 for the reading.
And this was for a 75 minute reading.
As I became more and more practice and one more,
you know, I would say well known within the spiritual community,
I was charging 85 for a long time.
And that's way too low.
Don't charge 85 or 40.
Okay, guys, this is just what I did.
But then as I think from there, I started charging 150.
And then I think I ended at 250,
which again was probably a little bit too low,
considering my skill sets.
But I wanted to make these readings accessible for everybody.
So I tried to keep the cost as low as I could.
Because I didn't, you know,
I didn't really need the money that bad, you know.
So obviously this is my living, but I have other income streams.
But I would say the going rate right now will be between 250 to 350.
Is that what you're seeing, Powers?
I would say that's the going rate for somebody that's certified.
So that's a good chunk of money for, you know,
an hour long session or, you know,
hour and 15 minute long session or however you choose your sessions to be.
That's something you really have to work on with your guides.
And it also depends on what your demographic is you're working with, you know.
So, you know, if you're wanting to reach, you know,
maybe people that are more socially economic challenge,
then you might want to set your prices lower.
But if you're just, you know, practicing for the general public,
then you might want to keep your prices in the middle range.
If you're finding that a lot of your clientele have money,
like maybe you live in Sedona or LA,
then you might want to raise your rates higher.
So it's just, it's dependent on various factors.
Aaron just paid 450 for an hour.
Wow. Okay. Well, that's a lot.
I didn't even charge that much and I'm teaching this course, you know.
So, so was the second question.
What would be other supporting services to study in the future?
Obviously the upcoming course that not to toot my own horn,
but I do think the Hasha Clearing and healing course is going to be
really beneficial to really expanding your practice.
I would say any kind of theta healing or QHHT or any kind of hypnosis,
any kind of psycho-spiritual training is going to really help to boost your practice.
I'm of the belief you can never get too much training.
So, you know, so you might decide, you know what,
I really feel tuned into QHHT.
I want to learn that and you can do that as an adjunct to your Akashic practice.
So we'll talk about that more in the coming weeks.
Okay. All right.
I think we already answered some of these questions.
Does your psychic abilities get stronger from accessing the records every day?
And can you unlock new gifts and abilities by being in the records?
Yes and yes.
I think we talked about that already, but yes,
you're going to find the more you practice, the stronger your build.
It's just like any learning to play a piano or learning to ride a bike.
Anything that you're going to use if you practice with it,
it's just going to get stronger and stronger.
And you're going to find it's going to spill over to other aspects of your life.
Just to give you an example of something that happened a couple of years ago for me,
I got this energetic hit from the records that I was supposed to buy a new house.
And my husband and I never talked about buying a house.
We just were happy with the house we were in, but I just got this hit.
And my guides told me that it was going to happen quickly.
And within a week, we found our house.
And initially, the house already had a contract on it.
And I felt really bad about it because I really loved the house.
But then the contract fell through and we had the opportunity to put a bit on the house.
And we're in the house now.
So it kind of spills over or you kind of get into intuitive hits about,
oh, this is the reason why I'm having difficulties in this relationship.
Because this person had this experience in a past life.
That's a beautiful insight.
When you can get insight into, wow, this person is getting triggered by this
because of their past life.
So you're going to find it's going to spill over.
And it's just going to really enhance your life in so many ways.
That's why I feel so passionate about giving these trainings.
Okay.
I think we already answered some of these.
Yeah, we answered some of these already.
Do we receive a galactic reading in the course?
I think I already answered this.
But no, you're not going to get a reading from me.
But you can practice with each other.
Okay.
This is a really good question.
It's kind of a general question.
But I think there's some good aspects to it.
How exactly can accessing the records allow me to help individuals and myself?
Well, like I said, I think this is dependent on what your needs are at the time
and what your individual persons, whoever your client is, what their needs are.
But I would say that it's a very activating session.
So mainly, I would say that if I had to summarize what most people get out of it,
is that they get reconnected to who they truly are as a divine child of the universe.
So they get connected with their divine aspects of themselves,
and that becomes activated within them.
So it's not really all about just, you know,
oh, what star system am I from?
It's more connecting with that divine aspect of yourself.
Although the star systems are important, it helped to shape who you are as a soul.
So that's why I teach galactic history so much in this course,
because it enables us to have a better understanding of ourselves
from our various past lives or alternate dimensional lives.
But mainly what it does is reconnects you to who you are
and helps you to meet your highest potential.
I've had so many clients, whether they've done an Akashic reading with me
or an Akashic clearing session with me,
their lives were completely changed after the reading.
They were able to break old stuck patterns, old stuck traumas, karma,
and they were able to really meet their potential.
And whatever that is, you know, whatever they desired for themselves,
wanted to create for themselves, what they wanted to do for the planet.
So that's when Akashic reading does for you.
Is there anything you want to add to that, Howard?
No, I would just say that they can be life changing.
So you guys will be helping people, you know,
potentially changing people's lives forever.
Yeah, it's pretty amazing just as a practitioner
and also as a client to have this kind of experience.
This is why I'm so passionate about it because it's changed my life.
I mean, my life completely transformed, you know, after doing this work.
And I want to see that for all of you.
So and for the clients that you'll be connecting with.
So thank you for being here.
Do we have time for more questions or?
Well, we're at the 75 minute mark.
So if we do have more questions in the Q&A.
Maybe we can highlight some of those and maybe answer them next time or.
We could keep some of these around for next time for the folks that we get to.
Yeah, I think we'll do that.
I have found with these Q&A's that we get more questions
than we can possibly answer in the time that we have allotted.
So we try as much as we can to answer any overflow questions in the next session.
But we'll do our best to answer the questions that we couldn't get to today.
And thank you for your patience.
Thank you for being here.
It's been so great to connect with all of you.
And I wish I could be here all with all of you here,
but we got to do what we can with this big planet that we're on.
So thank you again.
Many blessings and love you all.
All right. Thanks everyone.
Bye bye.
