Module 4, Video 9.
Video 9, Galactic History, Miscellaneous Minor Star Systems and Early Earth Civilizations.
This video will cover the various other star systems and planets that might come up in
Akashic readings for clients, including Apollonia, Pavilla, Alpha Centauri, Beta Centauri, Hadar,
Talsetti, Maldic Mars, and Venus.
These systems influence on planet Earth and Earth's history, the importance of Lemuria
and Atlantis in galactic Akashic reading.
Apollonia.
Apollonia is thought to be a group of eight planets that are either located in the Taurus
constellation, somewhat close to the Pleiades, or possibly within the Proxima Centauri system.
They were known for being a creative star system devoted to the arts and not so much
technology.
Despite not being a common star system, it does come up quite a bit in my Akashic readings,
so this system might be one that you'll see in the galactic Akashic records as well.
The Apollonian star people are one of the 22 star races who colonized Earth many thousands
of years ago.
They colonized the areas of Europe, which is now France, North America in the area of
Colorado, and areas of Australia.
Areas of knowledge that they shared with Earth humans include energy healing, the use of
crystals and stones, working with the energies of nature, and communicating with animals.
The Apollonians also brought DNA from their home systems to create a number of animal
plant and stone life forms.
Starseeds with connections to Apollonia are super creative and love to be multi-talented
throughout their lifetime.
They are usually drawn to the arts and music.
Many of these people work as healers and artists.
They make excellent healers, teachers, animal trainers, and they may be involved in keeping
their local environment clean and healthy.
They revel in their uniqueness and enjoy being different from others, which is often expressed
through their clothing and fashion.
They have a deep interest in talking and open communication as empathic, relationship-oriented
people.
Pavilla.
Okay, this is a star system or planet that either no longer exists or is located in another
timeline because I can't find any astronomical information on it whatsoever.
I can't find a whole lot of information on it in the galactic Akashic records either.
However, I do occasionally do Akashic readings for people with pavilion connections and there
seems to be a fair number of my followers who love this planet, so I decided to include
it in this video.
According to Joe Amadon of the Teachers of the Universal Mind, pavilla began as a group
of planets, but only one of them remains in existence.
Pavilla is in an area of the galaxy that's just beyond the Pleiades and Sirius.
The planet has a large amount of yellow and red in its appearance.
It's a physical planet with a variety of physical life forms located mostly in the fourth and
fifth dimensions with a few six-dimensional beings residing there as well.
Pavilla and people are focused on practicality and purpose rather than beauty or physical
appearance.
There were some animals and plants brought to earth from pavilla in the early ET colonization
times, but they have since completed their purpose here and have been removed, so there's
not a lot of pavilion DNA located here right now.
When early pavilions came to earth, they established a colony in the area of the planet that is
now New Zealand.
They kept to themselves for a number of years, but eventually had interactions with indigenous
earth humans.
There are still a few people on earth who have pavilion originations, so you might come
across this planet in your Akashic explorations.
Pavilion starseeds are very capable people with strong personalities and a lot of pride
in who they are.
They like to be the life of the party and have a sense of humor that can be teasing
in nature.
They can be a bit overbearing for anyone with low self-esteem.
If you take the time to look past this, you will find that they are kind and very helpful,
especially to true friends they see being deserving of their time and effort.
Often pavilions have a photographic memory.
They love collecting knowledge and sharing it with others.
Alpha Centauri.
Alpha Centaurians come from the Alpha Centauri system, which is the closest star in planetary
system to ours, being only 3.7 light years away from Earth.
Science has confirmed that there is a habitable planet in Alpha Centauri, which is exciting,
although it's probably different from Earth.
The Alpha Centaurians are a technologically advanced civilization and have seeded some
of their souls here on our planet to aid in our development.
Alpha Centauri starseeds usually have a career or are seeking a career in the scientific
field.
They enjoy building and inventing things related to biology and chemistry since a young age.
They tend to be quiet, daydreamy type of people, yet confident and independent.
They are not as connected to spirituality as Pleiadian and Syrian starseeds, but they
understand spiritual concepts easily.
They struggle quite a bit with human relationships.
Being concerned with social justice and equality for all humans, they tend to be social activists
who work with humanitarian projects.
Alpha Centaurians have been referred to as the most technically and spiritually advanced
humanities in our solar neighborhood.
They have followed the evolution of Earth and are aiding mankind in its next evolutionary
step into the Aquarian Age, especially in the realms of technology and social equality.
Beta Centauri, Hadar Beta Centauri, like Alpha Centauri, is a triple
star system in the southern constellation of Centaurus.
It's officially called Hadar.
These systems combine apparent visual magnitude of 0.61, makes it the second brightest object
in Centaurus and one of the brightest stars in the night sky.
However, unlike Alpha Centauri, which is very close to Earth, the distance to this system
is about 390 light years.
Beta Centaurians or Hadarians are all about the love, unconditional love, and are on Earth
to spread more of it.
The story goes that the Hadarians were invaded by a tyrannical race of beings and left their
planet to escape enslavement.
Many came here to Earth, but it's difficult for them to remember what happened because
of the trauma they endured.
Hadarian starseeds are all about love and embracing the emotions.
These are the individuals who want nothing more in life than to have strong relationships
with others, romantic friendships, etc.
They tend to have strong empathic abilities.
They can feel the emotions of other beings, including animals and plants.
They are shy and introverted until they get to know you.
Their goals are not aligned with money or financial success.
They just want to help others.
They tend to find jobs in the corporate world where they become part of a team, usually
as counselors, philanthropists, and humanitarians.
The Hadarian race are here on Earth to help us to love ourselves and others unconditionally.
Tau Ceti I don't see many starseeds from this system
in my Akashic readings, but it's still a star system worth mentioning.
Tau Ceti is a single star in the constellation of Cetus the Well, and is very similar in
size and luminosity to our sun.
It is located only about 12 light years from Earth.
The Tau Cetians are a human race of Mediterranean or South American-appearing tan-skinned humans.
They are very similar to Caucasian humans on Earth, except for a few slight differences.
Slightly pointed ears, higher physical density for their size, slightly broader nose, 5'5
inches tall on average, and they often wear short Roman or crew-style haircuts.
Tau Ceti and starseeds tend to have some of these physical characteristics and are
usually warriors who are protector-rescuer types.
Tau Ceti and people were known to be great pilots and galactic warriors, so some of these
starseeds work in medicine, the military, and transportation in a desire to help the
people of Earth.
There's also an intelligent bear-like race of beings that live in Tau Ceti, along with
the humanoid types, who are also involved with their galactic projects.
Tau Ceti and Epsilon Eridani are star systems that are said to be a major convergence of
extraterrestrial human activity in alliance with the Pleiadians and are members of the
Galactic Federation and the Andromeda Council.
The Tau Cetian alliance with the Pleiadians is due to them being victimized by the gray
alien predators who've abducted many Tau Cetian children in the past and is based
on a desire to establish a common defense against their reptilian and gray alien nemeses.
Maldec and Mars.
There are stories that Maldecians from the planet Maldec, which used to exist between
Mars and Jupiter and Martians, came to Earth hundreds of thousands of years ago to take
part in our evolution.
Others believe life existed in this dimension on Mars many years ago because of the discovery
of water on the Red Planet.
Many Orion groups, including the Black League resistance fighters, went to Maldec and settled
after the unification of the Orion system.
This is the planet in our solar system that was inhabited by many of the so-called fallen
angels, who were given the opportunity to reform.
Because it is well known, the Maldecian civilization failed to turn to a more spiritual path as
the people there were very warlike and aggressive, and the planet ended up getting completely
destroyed in a civil war, leaving the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter.
There isn't a lot known about Maldecian and Martian starseeds, but this is what I've
seen with the few I've worked with in my Cossack readings.
Maldecian and Martian starseeds tend to be intelligent, technical-minded, and detail-oriented.
They have strong, steady personalities with leadership capabilities.
Due to their soul history, they tend to analyze events, experiences, and interactions with
people as they believe there is much more than what appears on the surface.
They often can be quite reserved and seem distant or hard to approach, not very trusting
of others, but in relationships, tend to be loyal, honorable, and trustworthy.
They are fascinated with magic and love challenges, mysteries, and the unknown and unexplainable.
Venus.
Is it possible that other planets in our solar system once supported life?
Absolutely.
And they still could in other dimensions and planes of existence.
This includes Venus, which brings us to our Venusian beings and starseeds.
Venusians live in the fourth dimension, and they are also called the Hathors.
Hathor is an ancient Egyptian cow goddess of love and motherhood.
It is said that she is from Venus and seated Venusians on Earth to teach love and compassion.
It is well known in the UFO community that Nikola Tesla worked extensively with Venusians
from Venus and received much downloads of information from them.
The Venusians also attempted to contact our Earth governments during the 1950s, but they
were disgusted with our government's obsession with weaponized technology and destroying
one another.
Venusian starseeds are often very tall and slender.
They tend to be very nurturing and compassionate and spiritual, very aligned with the divine
feminine consciousness.
They feel very connected to the universe, higher self, and guides, and oftentimes have
an interest in outer space and ancient civilizations as young children.
They are drawn to ancient Egypt, and namely the goddess Hathor, as well as Venus and Aphrodite.
Oftentimes there are very attractive individuals with coveted facial features.
Men are very feminine, and the men are masculine and model-like.
In spirituality, they are usually interested in alternative healing modes, particularly
using sound and ritual.
Early Earth Civilizations, Lemuria and Atlantis.
Many starseeds and Earth volunteers feel a resonance with the ancient civilizations of
Atlantis and Lemuria, mostly because many of us have had incarnations during those times.
As I mentioned before in the Lyra video, the divine intelligence had initially split
itself off into mother goddess consciousness and father god consciousness.
This became the template that has been followed by many star civilizations across our galaxy
and universe, and it's also been the pattern that has been used for planet Earth.
The extraterrestrials who were visiting and colonizing Earth in the beginning of Earth's
history, thought it would be a good idea to develop two major civilizations on Earth
that represented the divine feminine and the divine masculine templates.
In our current timeline, we are now focused on an integration of these two energies, mostly
as a response to the mistakes that were made on planet Earth during the past.
The beginning of Earth's history.
There were some extraterrestrial groups who wanted to start an experiment on Earth to
see if they could take the templates that have worked so well in the other star systems
in our galaxy, like the Pleiades, Sirius, Andromeda and Arcturus, and apply those same principles
in a more condensed environment on Earth.
Earth is known as the living library, so Earth was more or less meant to be an experimentation
ground for these spiritual concepts to come into being and played out on a much smaller scale.
Atlantis was created to be the physical representation of Father God consciousness, so those souls
who felt that they wanted to start their incarnations on Earth to develop more divine masculine
qualities decided to choose to incarnate on Atlantis.
Those who wanted to develop more spiritually oriented or mother goddess experiences instead
chose to start their Earth journey in Lemuria.
From what I've noted through conducting hundreds of Akashic readings in the past few years,
the majority of my clients chose Atlantis as their jumping off point on Earth.
But I've also worked with a few souls who chose to have Lemurian incarnations only,
and a very few who chose to incarnate in both civilizations.
Many lightworkers today believe that the integrations of these two ancient civilizations in this
timeline will bring about the re-emergence of the Avalon template.
Avalon was not just a utopian paradise from the King Arthur legends of ancient Britain,
but it was originally a paradise planet in the Lyra star system that eventually became
the template for the ideal human evolution on Earth.
It was a conceptualization of everything that is positive and good for humanity, so this
is why many of us feel a sense of fond remembrance when we hear the word Avalon.
The recreation of Avalon was attempted by King Arthur during his reign, probably mostly
due to the influence of Merlin, who I believe was an extraterrestrial being, but it was
a concept that never really got off the ground due to the lagging state of Earth's evolution
during the Middle Ages.
If we as conscious humans can do the inner work to integrate our shadow cells during
this timeline, we no longer have to be faced with duality within our external environment
on Earth.
Lemuria was the only fifth dimensional civilization that has ever existed on planet Earth.
It was a mother goddess consciousness society that was based on the development of human
spirituality through thought and intention, not on the integration of technology.
Lemuria was initially developed by Arcturian and Andromedan extraterrestrial groups that
had initially colonized the planet in about 71,933 B.C.
Lemuria was founded as a collective colony using other star races as a pooled resource
also, including Laren, Sirius A, Pleiades, Ursa Minor, and Nibiru.
Lemuria as a physical place was located as a large continent in the Pacific Ocean and
had a very tropical climate similar to the islands of the Pacific today.
It was a magical culture that explored the imagination of evolved humans of that time
through dream time, interdimensional and astro travels.
Unfortunately, Lemuria was destroyed by Atlantis at approximately 31,017 B.C. during a big war.
The Lemurians with their limited technology proved to be no match for the advanced technology
of the Atlanteans.
After Lemuria fell, Earth plunged from the fifth dimension to the third and is still
in third dimension even today.
Remnants of Lemuria can still be found in the Hawaiian Islands, Easter Island, New Zealand,
the Pacific Islands, and parts of Australia, Atlantis.
In approximately 57,600 B.C., Atlantis was founded by the Pleiadians who have left prior
to the fall of Lemuria and then chose to return to Earth.
Other star groups that influenced Atlantis came from Andromeda, Nibiru, Aldebaran, Altair,
and Sagittarius.
With the exception of the beings from Nibiru, these colonists were all oxygen-breathing
humanoids.
Atlantis, as a physical place, was located in the Atlantic Ocean, probably closer to
Europe and Africa than in the Caribbean, as believed by many.
Atlantis was a father-god consciousness culture that was heavily based on the cult of the
sea god Poseidon.
Atlantis started off as a magnificent civilization that had the best of everything on a spiritual
and technological level.
Unfortunately, after the destruction of Maldec, negative factions from Maldec and Orion infiltrated
the formerly positive government of Atlantis and incited the wars against Lemuria and
eventually the civil war that also destroyed Atlantis, which occurred approximately around
27,603 B.C.
The few Atlanteans who were lucky enough to survive the fall of Atlantis eventually escaped
and resettled in Egypt and started a new civilization there.
Edgar Cayce stated in several of his writings that many souls who are currently incarnated
in the United States, also in other first world countries, had prior lifetimes in Atlantis
and chose to incarnate in the United States to rework their karma from their Atlantean
lives.
For this reason, many call the United States the New Atlantis.
This concludes the Galactic History section of this course.
I hope you all have found these past few weeks of galactic history informational and enlightening.
We will take a break from videos in week five in Resume the Akashic Reading section of our
course in module week six.
