Module 4, Video 8,
Video 8, Galactic History,
Orion, Orion Nebula, and Zeta Reticuli.
This video will cover Orion and Zeta colonization in history,
including the Orion Wars,
the Orion Empire, and the Orion Resistance.
Orion and Zeta civilization, culture, and people,
including reptilians, gray aliens, and insectoid beings.
Influence on planet Earth and Earth's history.
The Orion Constellation and Orion Nebula.
In this section, we will be discussing
the star constellation and nebula known as Orion.
We will also be discussing the light and dark aspects
of the people of Orion,
as well as the galactic history
associated with the star system.
Some claim that some of the negative extraterrestrial
entities that we hear about so much on Earth
have been associated with some of the stars
in the Orion constellation.
However, some sources claim that the Orion Nebula
is a cosmic doorway to infinity
or the realm of the creator,
which transcends the time-space matter universe.
The Orion constellation lies in the northern sky
on the celestial equator.
It is one of the brightest and best known constellations
in the night sky.
Orion is also known as the Hunter.
It's associated with the mythical Hunter Orion,
who is often depicted in star maps
as either facing the charge of Taurus the Bull
or chasing after the Hare constellation Lepus
with his two hunting dogs
represented by the nearby constellations,
Canis Major and Canis Minor.
Orion is easily located in the sky
by the three bright stars in a row
that makes up the Orion's belt,
which is one of the most familiar asterisms
in the night sky,
along with the Big Dipper
and the Southern Cross and Southern Latitudes.
Starting with the top one in the northern hemisphere,
the names of these three stars are Mintaka,
Analam, and Analtec.
Two of the three stars that form the belt of Orion
are super giants.
Betelgeuse, the red giant,
Rigel, and Bellatrix are some of the other
well-known stars in the Orion constellation.
The brightest star in the constellation is Rigel,
Beta Orionis,
which an apparent visual magnitude of 0.18.
Rigel is also the sixth brightest star
in the entire night sky.
The second brightest star in Orion, Betelgeuse,
Alpha Orionis,
has an apparent magnitude of 0.43
and is the eighth brightest star in the night sky.
The Sumerians associated it with the story of their hero
fighting the Bull of Heaven,
represented by Taurus.
They called Orion Uruana,
which means the light of Heaven.
Their name for the constellation Taurus was Gudana,
or the Bull of Heaven.
In Greek mythology,
the hunter Orion was the most handsome of men.
He was the son of the sea god Poseidon and Yuriale,
the daughter of King Minos of Crete.
In one myth, Orion fell in love with the Pleiades,
the seven sisters,
daughters of Atlas and Plioni.
He started pursuing them,
and Zeus scooped them up and placed them in the sky.
Orion can still be seen chasing the sisters
across the sky at night.
Another famous phenomena in the Orion constellation
is the Great Orion Nebula,
in which thousands of stars are being born.
Some astronomers claim that a huge,
beautifully illustrated, multi-colored light
has emerged from the Orion Nebula
and is on an intercept course with Earth,
although at a rather slow pace.
And at this rate, this light or star
will likely reach Earth,
not until approximately 3000 AD.
The Orion Nebula lies hundreds of light years
beyond the Orion open cluster
and has been identified as the gateway
to an infinite realm beyond the physical universe.
Some even claim it is the true home
of the angelic forces and source.
Could this have something to do with the prophecy
in Revelation 21 in our Earth Bible?
Since the Draconians are attempting to conquer the heavens,
they may have made futile attempts
to enter the Eternity Gate
and intercept the emerging light.
This could explain the alleged presence
of the Draconians in the Orion constellation,
although certain humanoid groups have allegedly
become curious of the Eternity Gate as well.
The Orion open cluster itself
is the base of a joint reptilian gray empire,
as well as the human resistance groups
fighting against the empire.
Because of this conflict in Orion
that has lasted for millennia,
it is thought that the popular Star Wars movie series,
we all love so much here on Earth,
is actually heavily based on the Orion Wars.
Until the recent integration of the Orion system
to the Orion light consciousness,
the inherent energy of Orion has always been associated
with polarity conflict.
Earth is now presently attempting
a final integration of these polarities,
hence the strong feelings of connection
that many humans on Earth feel
regarding the Orion star system.
Here's an interesting fact.
In ancient Egypt, the stars of the Orion's belt
was the symbol of Osiris.
The belt star's alignment perfectly matches that
of the three pyramids of Giza,
while Orion's orientation to the Milky Way
matches the pyramids orientation to the River Nile.
Because of this, it is thought that the three great pyramids
were not just tombs, but also served
as the pharaoh's gateway to heaven.
The Orion Civilization.
When I'm doing Akashic readings for Orion starseeds,
I often refer to Orion as the melting pot of the galaxy,
similar to perhaps how the United States of America
is like on Earth.
I also like to compare the star people of Orion
to the vast diversity of star beings one sees
in the famous Cantina scene in the original Star Wars movie,
episode four, A New Hope released in 1977.
Because Orion is such a big star system,
there are many different species of beings that reside there,
hence the diversity that is so notorious there.
In the book, The Prism of Lyra, by Lyssa Roy-Alholt,
it is mentioned that the Orion people are 75% vegan
and 11% Lyran humanoids, and 14% are non-human species,
insect, gray alien, amphibian, or reptilian.
Vega is a star in the Lyra constellation of stars.
So most of the beings from that system are descended
from the blue-skinned, vegan humanoid refugees
and located mostly in the Orion belt stars.
Whereas the Orion reptilians are apparently mostly located
in the Betelgeuse and Rigel star systems
and are descended from Draconian beings
from the Draco star system.
Of the Orion's who are of white Lyran stock,
most are 11%, most are light brown skinned,
and about 10% are Caucasian types with light hair.
They look very similar to Earth humans.
Although their bodies are water-based like ours,
they have an oily, fatty content acting like a lubricant.
The Orion humanoids who have mostly vegan characteristics
have particularly striking eyes.
The common color for the eyes in Orion is brown.
Their height is usually in the seven foot tall category.
Also, as we've indicated earlier
regarding non-humanoid Orion's,
the small grays occupy a small percentage
of the Orion population.
Their origin, Zeta reticuli,
is a neighbor of the Orion constellation.
Tall grays also comprise some of the non-humanoid Orion
groups along with amphibian and insectoid beings.
Thus overall, the genetic differences
in the different beings of Orion are quite marked.
Orion beings have a reputation
for possessing an aggressive nature
and may have been involved in many destructive wars
that have lasted for millennia in the Orion system.
Even though this pattern of behavior
still operates in our galaxy,
it is less widespread and many individuals
have been awakened since the shifting of Orion
to the Orion-like consciousness.
The aggressive authoritarian trait
very much present on Earth to this day
is not typical amongst benevolent ET civilizations
and has been acquired directly from Orion.
The masculine patriarchal energy
is associated with the evolution of beings
from the star systems of Orion,
which is related to Earth,
whereas inhabitants from the Sirius star system,
also very much involved with Earth,
carry the feminine energy or polarity.
Although there is a symbiotic relationship
between consciousness and technology,
the Orion races pushed this principle to the limit
and developed advanced technology
while still waging constant wars and conflicts.
The typical scenario in Orion
was the light against the dark,
with the peace-loving Oryans
opposed to the self-serving aggressive Oryans,
hence the similarity to the Star Wars movie saga.
According to some sources,
there are three major groups in the Milky Way galaxy.
The Intergalactic Confederation
of different star systems throughout the galaxy.
The Reptilian Federation,
a conglomeration of many reptoid species.
The Orion Empire ruled by one leader.
Now, within the domain of the Orion Empire,
three groups formed.
The dominant Orion Empire,
the Black League Resistance to the Empire,
and the victims of both of these groups.
In spite of the spiritual implications,
there appears within the Orion civilizations
the never-ending conflict between the Orion Empire
and the Black League Resistance.
The Empire is run mainly by greys
working with the Federation of Draconian Reptilians,
with the aim of extending their domination to other planets.
These greys are mainly the ones who negotiate treaties
and secret deals with Earth governments.
Many Oryans, including the Black League Resistance fighters,
eventually went to Maldec and settled.
This was the planet in our system
that was inhabited by many of the so-called
criminal element of Orion
who were given the opportunity to reform.
I call Maldec the Australia of our galaxy for this reason.
As it is well known, the Maldecian civilization
failed to turn to a more spiritual path
and the planet was eventually completely destroyed
in a civil war, leaving the asteroid belt
that is now located between Mars and Jupiter.
Many of these dark forces from Maldec
reincarnated on Mars and Earth
and are still on Earth at this time
since the times of Atlantis.
Hence the aggressive and authoritative nature
that pervades this planet even now,
including thousands of years of enforced reliance
on patriarchal systems here on Earth.
On the positive side, however,
the Orion beings have contributed their propensity
for the development of smoothly running systems
on Earth civilizations.
They are the source for many organizational structures
of government, business, and industry.
Nevertheless, this energy is only relevant
to Earth's people's frequencies as it stands currently,
which we will soon outgrow as we become more evolved
and then receive other templates from more advanced races,
such as the Larens.
They bring the yellow ray frequency to Earth
for the stabilization of the intuitive powers
within human consciousness.
The Orion space pirates is not uncommon
for extraterrestrial civilizations
to spawn rebellious members
who are ostracized from their native planet.
We mentioned earlier in this section,
a digressive strain from the reptilians
of the Draco star system.
However, there were several small pirate groups
that were comprised of rogue individuals
from the relatively advanced civilizations
of Orion, Sirius, and the Pleiades.
These comprise not more than a handful of pirates
who revel in plundering planets like Earth
and exploring time travel
in linear 3D, highly objective realities.
Different aliens sought different resources,
whether it was seawater, sand, quartz,
minerals, or genetic material,
even human trafficking, et cetera,
and plundered other star systems for these items.
But these space pirates have apparently learned
that it was to their benefit to exercise cooperation
with our secret government and negotiate deals with them.
Over the years, several of the governments on Earth
have acquired advanced technologies from ETs
as a result of these negotiations
and have allowed these beings
to abduct various people on Earth for genetic material.
Orion Light and the Orion Light Council.
The term Orion Light refers to the point
in Orion's evolution where they have succeeded
in integrating polarity.
It can also be considered the Orion mass consciousness,
the non-physical aspect of Orion
that operates from a sense of unity and integration.
The Orion Light Council is very much aligned
with the original Elohim consciousness.
A quality of the Elohim is their ability
to perceive with one mind.
Their symbol is the all-seeing eye
because they have the ability to draw their energies together
into the collective group mind in order to see as one.
They are the knowers of the great mysteries
and have tremendous intelligence
as well as full access into the Akashic records.
The Orion Light Council regulates the laws administered
in this part of the universe.
This is the highest governing body
for the quadrant of the universe
and is subject to no laws of its own
except to the great divine director or source.
This council regulates many different star systems
and planets.
The Karmic Council that governs Earth
and regulates the incoming and outgoing life forms
from Earth through Arcturus and the Bodes constellation.
For this reason, the Mentaka star system
in the Orion Belt Stars is directly aligned
with the star system of Arcturus.
Mentaka is not only the hospitality system, Orion,
it is also the doorway to other universes.
It is the home for higher dimensional entities,
both physical and non-physical.
Interestingly enough, Mentaka is the star
from which JJ Hertak channeled the keys of Enoch,
the Zeta Reticuli star system.
Zeta Reticuli is a binary star system
that can be found in the constellation of Reticulum
and is visible in the night sky from the Southern Hemisphere.
Unfortunately, this means that the Zeta Reticuli binary pair
cannot be seen from the Northern Hemisphere,
but it's certainly worth seeking out
if you find yourself under the Southern Hemisphere sky.
The two stars, Zeta 1 Reticuli and Zeta 2 Reticuli,
are located just over 39 light years from Earth
and are separated from each other by a distance
of at least 3,750 astronomical units, AU,
or approximately the distance between Earth and Jupiter.
The stars orbit a common center of gravity
over a period that is likely more than 170,000 Earth years
and are thought to be between 1.5
and three billions years old.
What makes these stars really interesting
is that, relatively speaking,
they're much like our own sun,
making them so-called solar analogs
and of interest to astronomers
who can compare them to our own solar system's host star.
Zeta 1 Reticuli has a mass equal to about 96%
that of the sun and a radius about 92% of the sun.
Zeta 2 is about 99% the mass
and 99% the radius of the sun.
It's slightly brighter in magnitude, plus 5.22,
and is a yellow dwarf or class G2.
Because the stars are similar to our sun,
if an Earth-like planet were in orbit
around the stars at the right distance,
liquid water might be able to pool on that planet's surface
and the conditions might be right for life
as we know it to flourish.
In 1996, astronomers announced a potential presence
of a so-called hot Jupiter exoplanet,
a gas giant similar to Jupiter,
but much closer to its star than Jupiter is to the sun.
In orbit around Zeta 2, the short and tall grays.
The extraterrestrial races in this group
include the ubiquitous grays
from the star system Zeta Reticulum
and the Orion constellation who are described
in most of the abduction research
and who figure prominently in reports of UFO crashes.
The short grays, the short grays,
they are small, neurosaurian hominoids,
very prolific and intelligent.
They might be the brains or intellect of the serpent race,
whereas the larger reptoids
allegedly act as the physical overlords
and thus are of a higher ranking than the grays.
The grays are logic-based
and operate on base animal survival or predatory instincts
and in most cases are emotionally insensitive to humans.
And like other reptilian entities,
they feed off of human and animal vital fluids
by rubbing a liquid protein formula on their bodies,
which is then absorbed through the skin.
Like typical reptiles, which shed their skins,
the waste is then excreted back through the skin.
The grays range from three and a half
to four and a half feet tall on the average,
with skin colors ranging from gray-white to gray-brown
to gray-green to gray-blue.
Aside from feeding off of humans
and animal proteins and fluids,
they also allegedly feed off the life energy,
the vital essence or soul energy of humans,
as do other reptilian species.
This is why those humans seen working with the grays
implanted in programmed drones,
whether willingly or unwillingly,
have appeared lifeless and emotionless
to the witnesses who've observed them.
These grays have no stomach and digester food
by absorption through the skin or under their tongue.
They have been cloning themselves
instead of the practice of reproduction
we use here on Earth.
Each time they reclone, however,
the genetic copy becomes weaker,
which is part of their problem.
Their attitude towards humans
is tolerance towards inferiors.
They are technologically superior to Earth humans,
but however, they are spiritually and socially backwards.
The grays are reportedly extremely deceitful,
and although they act on logic,
to them it is logical to use extremely complex forms
of deception to bring about their goals.
They are the most commonly observed alien entities
encountered during UFO events.
Their basic program is service to self.
Colonel Philip Corso served in the Eisenhower administration
and is a long-serving military official
who became a whistleblower
on the secret extraterrestrial presence.
In his memoirs, he claims to have witnessed
a body of a dead gray retrieved from Roswell in 1947
that fits the classic description
of a four foot tall extraterrestrial
with a large head, large black almond shaped eyes,
thin torso, and spindly arms and legs.
A classic description is by Travis Walton,
who had an abduction experience with the grays.
They were very short, shorter than five feet,
and they had very large bald heads, no hair.
Their heads were domed very large.
They look like fetuses.
They have no eyebrows, no eyelashes.
They have very large eyes, enormous eyes,
almost all brown, without much white in them.
The creepiest thing about them were those eyes.
Oh man, those eyes.
They just stared through me.
Many researchers agree that the grays are deeply involved
in developing a hybrid human gray race
that would be a suitable vehicle
for the next step in human evolution.
According to Colonel Corso,
the grays were involved in agreements
with the Eisenhower administration
that military officials saw
as the form of negotiated surrender,
where the grays gained permission
for abducting civilians
and expanding their biological program.
The grays are very active in human abductions,
genetic experiments, monitoring human through implants,
mind control programming,
cloning and creation of hybrid humans.
These contribute to systemic global problems
such as humans traumatized by abduction experiences,
genetically modified humans,
implants for monitoring humans
in an overly passive population
due to hypnotic mind control and programming.
The tall grays.
The second prominent race in this group of extraterrestrials
are the tall grays described by Robert Dean,
American ufologist.
As a very large group, I say large,
they were six to eight, maybe sometimes nine feet tall,
and they were humanoid,
but they were very pale, very white,
didn't have any hair on their bodies at all.
Tall grays are described to originate
from the Orion constellation,
and according to Dr. Arthur Horn,
play an overseeing role with the short grays.
The short grays are overseeing within their ranks
by the taller seven to eight foot tall grays.
These grays are the ones
that actually carry out diplomatic missions
such as secretly negotiating treaties
with heads of human governments.
As mentioned, the grays in general
and the small three to five foot grays in particular
have been likened to mercenaries.
Confirmation for the diplomatic role
played by the tall grays come from William Cooper,
former Navy intelligence advisor
who claims he saw classified documents
where the tall grays did negotiate agreements
with the Eisenhower administration
in meetings beginning in 1954.
Later in 1954, the race of large nose gray aliens
which have been orbiting the earth
landed at Holloman Air Force Base.
A basic agreement was reached.
This race identified themselves
as originating from a planet around a red star
in the constellation of Orion called Betelgeuse.
They stated that their planet was dying
and at some unknown future time,
they would no longer be able to survive there.
The meeting at Holloman Air Force Base in New Mexico
has reportedly been the site
of subsequent extraterrestrial meetings with the tall grays.
It can be inferred that this tall gray race
is a hybrid race that represents a fusion
of human and short gray biological material.
The tall grays represent a working model
of how human and gray biological material can be combined
and therefore play a lead role
in assisting the short grays in interacting with humanity.
They are most involved with genetic experiments
creating a hybrid human gray race, mind control
and diplomatic agreements with the shadow government.
Global problems that are influenced by the tall grays
include genetically modified humans,
implants for monitoring humans,
an overly passive population due to hypnotic mind control,
influence over elite decision makers
and the infiltration of national security agencies.
Gray alien history and origins.
The channeling of Lisa Royale,
author of The Prism of Lyra suggests
that they originally came from a planet called Apex
in the Laron system.
This was a planet that was very similar to Earth.
Their spiritual growth however,
did not match their technological development
which finally led to a planetary cataclysm.
The atomic explosions caused a plant life to deteriorate
which led the civilization to build underground shelters.
It was during this underground period in their history
that they began reproducing through cloning techniques
which is part of the work they continue
in their abduction work on the human race.
One of the other conclusions they came to
was that their emotions
were the cause of their surface destruction of their planet.
So they no longer allowed emotions in their lives.
This from our earthly perspective is kind of like
throwing the baby out with the bathwater.
Part of the reason they're doing all of their abductions
of human and animals is that the generations of cloning
using the same genetic material
has caused their evolutionary growth
to become very inbred and stagnant.
In truth, their race is actually dying.
The Zeta Reticuli are also creating a hybrid race
of both human and Zeta origin.
