The pillar of light meditation. As you sit in your chair with your feet flat on the floor,
let your chair hold you up and support you. After getting a sense of your space and where you are at,
imagine a white, very bright column of light that is enveloping you all around,
connecting you with the earth through your feet and beyond your crown chakra
with the higher dimensional realms. With your hands rub them together and use them to draw
loving energy from the earth, going first through your feet, through your legs and torso,
in your heart space, and through your neck to the highest most area of your skull,
filling up your crown chakra. Allow the energy to fill up the lining of your skull.
By now you will notice that this energy will travel down your arms into your hands,
which should be feeling warm at this time. Using your hands, clear your aura, the energy
fueled around your body. Physically brush off your body, clearing away any vibration that isn't
yours. Send it into the earth where it could be cleared and transmuted. Then when you're
finished, put your hands palms up and on your lap. Allow the light to come in through your crown
chakra from the space approximately 19 inches above your head, filling up the area around you
and your body in the chair in an x-shaped space within your auric field. The light clears anything
around you or within you that interferes with your goodness and draws away from you anything
that doesn't support you, any physical pain, stress, or distress that is present, any emotional
turbulence, worry, or chaos in your mind, and any thoughts that might be troubling or upsetting you.
The light can draw from you anything that is interfering with your experience of peace
and unity within yourself. You don't have to tell the light what to do as its infinite intelligence
will know exactly what you need at the moment. As the light draws negativity away from you,
it's also radiating into you whatever it is that you're needing, whether it be courage, focus,
confidence, grounding, etc. By now you should be completely enveloped in a column of light
that is connecting you with both earth and the Akashic field while in a reasonable state of balance
and ready to move forward. Now imagine this beautiful white column of light connecting you
with the hallowed halls of the Akashic records. Imagining the gates of the records opening up
just for you and you stepping through to meet with the Akashic guides who are waiting to assist you
during your visit to the higher realms of the Akashic field.
