Raising vibration for Akashic readings. The Akashic field can be imagined as a library where
you can pull the book for your soul, your Akashic records. It's a field that encompasses
everybody's Akashic records. When you are in the Akashic field, you are in a 5D vibration.
Once accessing their Akashic field for the first time, some people may have a hard time staying
present and grounded. Initially, you might have mixed experiences in the Akashic field,
especially since your vibration might not be used to being in the high frequency
of that 5D energy. You might get very spacey, tired, or ungrounded. Raising your vibrational
frequency will help you access your Akashic field more easily. When you raise your vibration,
you are operating from a place of love and gratitude, which is going to make this work
come more naturally. Akashic records meditation, inner child healing, some forms of yoga,
prayer, mantra work, and creative work are some of the ways you can raise your vibrational frequency.
When you increase your frequency with meditation or in another way, you will be in a space where
you will start to awaken your intuitive senses more fully. If you do not receive any sensations yet,
just be kind to yourself and do your best to follow your trust and intuitive instincts.
Keep trying if you do not feel like anything happened the first time you tried to reach the
Akashic field. The more time you spend raising your vibration and being comfortable with the
sensations you receive from doing your spiritual work, the easier it will be to spend time in the
Akashic records and the more knowledge you will receive. It is definitely harder to enter the
Akashic records and receive accurate information when you are in a low vibrational state or when
you are very attached to a specific outcome or answer. If you are feeling especially triggered,
angry, or defensive, I would highly suggest doing something to regulate your nervous system like
grounding, breathing exercise, a calming meditation, journaling, or yoga before attempting to enter
your records. The quickest and easiest way I suggest for others to raise their vibration if
they are just generally feeling low vibe is to practice gratitude, cliche maybe, but only because
it really works. It is pretty much impossible to be in an exclusively horrible mood when you are
intentionally putting your focus on what is going right around you and for you. Here are five quick
ways to raise your vibration before entering the Akashic records. Write down 10 things you are
grateful for in this moment. Do something nice for someone else. Watch something lighthearted
on YouTube that puts you in a good mood. I love the silly comedy videos of Gabriel Iglesias aka
Fluffy. Dance to your favorite upbeat song. Take a walk outside or go sit in nature if even for just
a few minutes. From the continued work you do to raise your vibration to access the Akashic records,
you will experience an increased level of confidence with your process and connection to
your intuition. Once you have a more solid process, you will learn to walk yourself through
and clear the channel to be able to be in the Akashic field more easily.
