Module 3, Video 7, Video 7, Galactic History, Arcturus and Andromeda.
This video will summarize Arcturus' history, civilization, culture, Arcturian beings, the
Arcturus Stargate, and its purpose.
Andromedon history, civilization, culture, and people.
The difference between Andromeda Galaxy and Andromeda constellation.
Influence on planet Earth and Earth's history.
The Arcturus star system.
In this video, we will be featuring the star system of Arcturus by discussing the fascinating
and high vibrational people of Arcturus.
These are my star people and a topic near and dear to my heart.
The Arcturians are an alien race that comes from the blue planet orbiting the red giant
star Arcturus in the Bodes constellation.
Arcturus is about 36 light years from our solar system.
According to Edgar Cayce, the Arcturians are the most advanced alien civilization in the
galaxy.
Arcturian extraterrestrials believe in a higher state of being and have mastered many aspects
of today's modern age metaphysical beliefs.
They have vested many of their resources to defend Earth from the reptilian and gray aliens
and their agendas.
Arcturians are well known for their power of healing.
This is mostly what defines Arcturians as an amazing race among this galaxy.
However, Arcturians are also able to accomplish additional powers through the aid of their
mastery of the conscious mind.
Many call the Arcturian way an art of the mind and rightfully so.
The Arcturian starseeds have a few traits in common with actual Arcturian beings, even
though they are incarnated on Earth.
They tend to be multi-talented in both technological innovation and creative pursuits.
The Arcturian star system and its galactic history.
Arcturus is an orange giant star, approximately 37 light years, 11.26 parsecs from Earth and
is the brightest star in the northern celestial hemisphere.
With a visual magnitude of minus 0.04, it's the fourth brightest star in the night sky
after minus 1.46 magnitude Sirius, minus 0.086 magnitude Canopus, and minus 0.27 magnitude
Alpha Centauri.
It is part of the Boötes constellation, pronounced Boötes, meaning herdsman.
Arcturus is derived from the ancient Greek word arctos, meaning bear, and uros, meaning
guardian.
Arcturus is visible to the naked eye in both the northern and southern hemispheres.
Arcturus was possibly similar to our sun, but has now passed a main sequence period
of its lifespan.
Instead of fusing hydrogen like our sun, Arcturus is now fusing helium in its core, causing
it to expand.
Arcturus has a radius of around 11 million miles, 18 million kilometers, which is about
26 times the size of the sun.
Due to its large size, the star's luminosity is between 100 to 200 times greater than that
of our sun.
As one of the brightest stars in the sky, Arcturus has been significant to observers
since antiquity.
In Mesopotamia, it was linked to the god Enlil.
Three historic Polynesian navigators knew Arcturus as Hakulia, the star of joy.
Arcturus is a zenith star of the Hawaiian Islands.
Here is an interesting fact.
Arcturus achieved fame when its light was rumored to be the mechanism used to open the
1933 Chicago's World Fair.
The star was chosen as it was thought that light from Arcturus had started its journey
at about the time of the previous Chicago's World Fair in 1893.
The star is 36.7 light years from Earth, and the light started its journey in 1896.
Regarding the galactic history of the star system, contrary to popular belief, Arcturians
are not descendants of Lirenvagan refugees from the Liren-Draconian Wars.
From what I've seen in the Akashic Records, the Arcturian race is a separate consciousness
that went through a separate evolution after the separation of over souls in this galaxy.
During the initial creation of the galaxy millions of years ago, the Arcturian consciousness
group was set aside on purpose by the high galactic councils to become the overseers
or spiritual guardians of the other star systems in this galaxy.
Because of their separate evolution, Arcturians tend to be the least physical of many star
races and look the least humanoid, as well as having some genetic, cultural, and personality
differences from the other well-known star systems and constellations.
The Arcturian star people and their civilization.
The Arcturus star system is the home to one of the most advanced alien civilizations in
our galaxy.
This is a 5D to 11D vibrational civilization, a prototype, meaning a model to be followed,
for future civilization.
The vibratory energy specific to this civilization acts as an emotional, mental, and spiritual
healer for humanity on Earth, but also as a gateway for the souls of men at the time
of death and birth.
This energy functions as a transition station, an adaptation of non-physical consciousness
to the specific of the physical world.
Some fascinating information comes from a book by Dr. Norma Milanovic called We the
Arcturians, which I highly recommend reading if you are interested in Arcturians.
Out of all the extraterrestrial civilizations, Arcturus stands out for their total focus
in the areas of psycho-spiritual healing and unity consciousness.
For that reason, I'll highlight a few aspects of their advanced civilization.
The Arcturians teach that the most fundamental ingredient for living in the fifth dimension
is love.
Negativity, fear, and guilt must be overcome and exchanged for love and light.
The Arcturians work in close connection with the Ascended Masters, whom they call the Brotherhood
of All or the Fraternity of Totality.
They also work closely with what they refer to as the Galactic Command.
The Arcturians travel the universe in their starships, which are some of the most advanced
in the entire universe.
In the Arcturian system, there are no extreme temperatures, with their worlds being mostly
a higher dimensional, non-physical environment.
Their civilization is one that has transcended duality and lives in unity consciousness.
Professions on Arcturus are determined by a person's vibrational frequency and the colors
in his or her aura.
On Arcturus, there's no competition regarding professions, or anything else for that matter.
So many Arcturian beings in this system take turns working various duties, such as processing
souls that pass through the Arcturus' Stargate, healing damaged souls in the Arcturian Crystal
Temples, and doing technological work on their starships and also on the shielding systems
that protect the Stargate.
And a few Arcturian beings end up conducting further work as ambassadors, technicians,
and healers.
Even Arcturian starseeds who have chosen to incarnate as human beings on Earth tend to
be gifted in these specific fields.
Reproduction on Arcturus is not accomplished in a physical sense as it's understood on
Earth.
On Arcturus, it is done through a kind of mind link, where the male and female energies
are first perfectly balanced, then create a portal in which the new Arcturian being
is incubated, albeit energetically.
Through this procreation process, some kind of electron force flows through the two beings
and it creates another being that's a replica of the link.
The new life form is then taken to a special room that emanates the proper vibrational
frequencies until the being is ready for integration into a family unit on Arcturus.
Many beings from Arcturus are seated onto other planets because the High Arcturian Council
has ordered this as a great act.
It's actually quite common for Arcturian beings to start off as a light or crystalline
being on Arcturus, but then have many incarnations in other star systems, such as Sirius, Pleiades,
Mintanka in the Orion system, etc.
Arcturians have developed the ability to transcend the ego, the separate lower fear-based self.
Success is judged only in terms of the measure of light frequency.
There are machines on Arcturus that constantly check the vibrational frequencies each individual
on the planet is manifesting.
The path to the realization of source is the goal of every Arcturian and is reflected in
every aspect of their society.
Arcturians teach that love is the fundamental component of life in the fifth dimension.
They teach us that negativity, fear, and the feeling of guilt must be overcome by detachment
and awareness and replaced by love and spiritual light.
One of the reasons why the Earth has never been attacked by benevolent aliens is because
of their fear of the Arcturians' advanced ships.
These interstellar vessels are accumulation of perfection in cosmic technology.
One of their starships that's stationed near the Earth in this solar system is called the
Athena, named after the Greek goddess.
The Arcturian society is governed by what they call the Elders, an eleventh dimensional
Arcturian group, also called the Oversoul of the Arcturian race.
They are respected by the Arcturians for their advanced knowledge of their wisdom and for
the extremely high and refined vibrational energies manifested by them.
Some say that they have wings, but some describe them as more like circles of light.
The higher the vibrational frequency, the closer one is to light or spirit or God, according
to Arcturian belief.
All Arcturians have an identical appearance, and they take pride in this because they have
eliminated the tendencies of comparison and envy so present in human society on Earth.
Arcturians are the most loving and nonjudgmental beings that one will ever encounter among
the star races of this galaxy.
As for their appearance, the fifth dimensional Arcturians are short in physical stature,
about three to four feet tall and slender.
Their skin has a slight tinge of pale greenish-blue color.
They have only three fingers.
They have the ability to move objects by the power of the mind, telekinesis, and are totally
telepathic.
Their eyes are very large and almond-colored, dark brown or black, but their vision is based
on an overwhelming proportion of telepathic ability and subtle vision, not on physical
sight.
Their hearing is very highly developed, even surpassing telepathic capacities, and they
have the ability to feel even with the back of the head.
They usually live around 350 to 400 years and do not eat food, but feed on an effervescent
liquid that has vitalizing powers for their entire body.
Their spiritual advancement allows them to never age and also being able to travel beyond
time and space.
They end their lives when their contract and their mission for that life expires.
There are no illnesses and diseases on Arcturus, being completely eradicated hundreds of years
ago.
The Arcturians belong to a group mentality which I call the Arcturian Collective, however,
they do not act as a hive mind, as each Arcturian being have their own personality and can act
very individually and independently.
They are highly analytical, but their analyses are fully integrated with the highest order
of intuition and emotionally enlightened love.
This emotional and spiritual healing is the reason why a lot of psycho-spiritual healers
have a special connection with Arcturus.
The Arcturians are very gifted healers, but they are very different in their techniques
than the doctors of Andromeda.
The Arcturians often work together with the Syrians.
Together they have established what could be called the Arcturian-Syrian Matrix or network.
Some sources state that they may possibly have some bases on the Moon and or Mars.
The Arcturian races by nature are very private and only for very specific reasons do they
get involved with Earth.
They can be very silent and can and will keep very much to themselves.
However, they haven't been known to intervene in the ancient past to help resolve some very
serious conflicts in our area of the universe by sharing their unique ability to show others
how to integrate their belief systems and feelings to resolve conflict.
Many souls are brought to the Arcturian Starships during the Dream State where they are worked
on and helped.
Although the Arcturians will never invade a person's free will unlike extraterrestrial
beings who abduct humans such as the Grey Aliens.
The Arcturians are here to assist humans in entering the fourth and fifth dimensions of
the reality and raising their vibrational frequencies.
They stand as the guardians and protectors of higher consciousness in the universe.
They as a group have done much to help raise the overall levels of consciousness in our
universe.
Arcturus' Stargate of Souls.
The Book of Knowledge, The Keys of Enoch by JJ Hertock describes Arcturus as the midway
programming center used by the physical brotherhoods in this universe to govern the many rounds
of experiments with physicals at the end of the galaxy.
It functions as an energy gateway through which humans pass during death and rebirth
and a way station for non-physical consciousness to become accustomed to physicality.
This energy is a kind of intermediate adaptation and planning center used by the physical fraternities
in our local universe to govern and administer the multiple experiments made with physics
in this galactic area.
Arcturus along with Antares is one of the two major stargates in this galaxy.
Why was Arcturus designated as the Stargate of Souls?
When the Galactic Councils located in our galaxy first deemed Arcturians to be the spiritual
guardians of our galactic collective consciousness, it only made sense that Arcturus would also
become the processing center for souls to transition from one incarnation to the next.
It's my understanding that the Arcturians were also designated to be the keepers of
the Akashic Records.
It's not that the Akashic Records are located in Arcturus, but because Arcturians used the
records quite a bit as they were processing souls in between lives, it would make sense
that they would also become the guardians of the records.
Arcturus on Arcturus take turns working the Stargate as there is no competition on Arcturus,
and all Arcturians take turns doing many tasks within their star system.
Millions of souls are processed daily through the Stargate.
They go through a life review and make goals and choices for their next incarnation with
the help of their higher selves and their Arcturian Stargate guides.
In the early part of Arcturian history, I was shown in the Akashic Records that Arcturus
was heavily attacked by Draconian forces who wanted to take control of the Stargate.
During this period of time, Arcturians had to go through a massive evolution to not only
quickly and dramatically improve their technology, but also go through an expansive evolution
in consciousness as they battled their own fears and negativity when dealing with the
Draconian attackers.
Because of this rocky star in their galactic history, Arcturians and Arcturian starseeds
tend to be very strong-minded, process-oriented, and go through evolution very quickly both
on Arcturus and also on the other star systems they are assisting.
Arcturians and even Arcturian starseeds tend to be spiritual heavyweights who take on
the toughest projects and humblest jobs and lives in order to be truly of service to others.
The Andromeda constellation.
Andromeda is the 19th biggest star constellation in the night sky, occupying an area of 722
square degrees and is located in the northern sky.
It is located in the first quadrant of the northern hemisphere, NQ1, and can be seen
at latitudes between plus 90 degrees and minus 40 degrees.
Andromeda is most prominent during autumn evenings in the northern hemisphere, along
with several other constellations named for the characters in the Perseus myth.
It was named after the mythical princess Andromeda, the wife of the Greek hero Perseus, and is
sometimes referred to as the chain maiden, Persea, wife of Perseus, or Cepheus, daughter
of Cepheus.
In the story, it was the goddess Athena who commemorated Princess Andromeda by placing
her image among the stars next to the constellations representing her husband Perseus and her mother
Cassiopeia.
The neighboring constellations are Cassiopeia, Lucerda, Pegasus, Perseus, Pisces, and Aries.
Andromeda contains three Messir objects, Messir 31, Andromeda Galaxy, Messir 32, and Messir
110, and has seven stars with known planets.
The brightest star in the constellation is Alphares.
The Andromeda's meteor shower, also known as the bilids, in mid-November appear to
originate from this constellation.
Interesting fact, the futures of the Andromeda and Milky Way galaxies may be interlinked.
In about 5 billion years, the two could potentially begin an Andromeda-Milky Way collision that
would spark extensive new star formations.
The Andromeda civilization and its galactic history.
After the Liren-Draconian Wars, quite a few of the Liren humans who escaped the wars
wandered in our galaxy for quite a while as they were hunted and pursued by the Draconian
beings who destroyed their planets.
They were living in hollowed-out asteroids and moons.
They were basically living on crafts and having to move constantly all the time, looking for
a place that was safe.
Several of these Liren starships sought refuge in the outlier constellations, such as Cygnus
and Cassiopeia, that were created to be way stations for weary Liren refugees to rest
and replenish provisions.
While these refugees were hiding out in Cassiopeia, there were cat beings in the Cassiopeian system
that assisted them and recommended that they make their new home and settlements in the
Andromeda constellation.
It is thought that the beings from the Cassiopeian system interacted with them approximately 2.5
million years ago.
The Cassiopeian cat people recommended Andromeda because they knew that the Liren refugees
were weary of traveling and hiding and Andromeda was relatively close to their star system.
The Liren refugees ended up settling in two solar systems in the Andromeda constellation.
We know them as Star 42 and Star 44.
Star 42 is Zenite, which is now their star system.
Star 44 is Tishte.
Star 42 has 27 planets around the binary stars.
Star 44 has 9 planets, but all of the planets are equal or greater than the size of Jupiter.
The planets in these star systems were all terraformed to accommodate the new Liren inhabitants.
Throughout several generations, the new Andromeda and humanoid races evolved physically to adapt
to the environmental conditions of their new planets, which were very different than those
in Lyra.
Due to the lack of gravity, their body types became much more elongated and their skin
turned from white to blue.
Unlike the Syrians who have developed blue skin due to the genetic mixing of Liren and
Vagan refugees, the Andromedan people developed their blue skin due to the very different
environment of the Andromedan planets, which caused a pigmentation change caused by the
ingestion of copper-based minerals.
It was in the food and everything they ate, and their double sun had an effect on this
too.
The vibration and frequency on Andromeda was also very different than that of Lyra, so
there was additional color spectrums that affected the humanoids that lived there.
The Andromedans are predominantly human races from the star system Zenite in the Andromeda
constellation.
There are at least 28 different races of beings, some are humanoid, and some are not.
The life forms in Andromeda include humanoids, plants, animals, insects, and also etheric
and plasma-conscious life forms.
There are also seven to nine foot tall winged humanoids existing in the higher dimensions.
These may have their origins with the avian races.
The Andromedans are about 45,000 years ahead of us technologically and are a very spiritually
advanced race.
The Andromedan humanoids have light blue skin and are a telepathic race.
They usually wear the traditional multicolored galactic federation jumpsuits.
Andromedans consist of two basic earth human types.
The first is a Caucasian that ranges from a so-called Nordic type, blonde or reddish
hair, blue eyes, pale blue skin to a Mediterranean type, light to dark brown hair, gray to brown
eyes.
The second is more Asian looking with dark hair, dark Asian eyes, also bluish skin.
The eyes of all Andromedans are slightly larger than those of Earth humans.
Their heads are also slightly larger as well.
Their lips are thin and colored almost a light pink while the ears are fitted slightly lower
on the sides of the head and are slightly smaller in size.
The hands and feet are delicate in appearance with long fingers and toes and their arms
and legs are also long and thin.
Female Andromedans are 7 to 8 feet tall and the male Andromedans are 7 to 10 feet tall.
Some are 12 feet tall.
Andromedans regardless of sex can weigh up to 450 to 600 pounds.
Despite their heavier weights, their body types are very elongated and lanky.
Andromedan women are renowned for being the most beautiful in the galaxy as they are known
for their alluring energies and their shapely figures.
They have a very otherworldly look about them that is unparalleled even among the beauties
of the Pleiades and Apollonia.
Because Andromeda has a very advanced and evolved civilization, Andromedan women enjoyed
the honor and respect among the men of their civilization.
So many of them held positions of leadership in their society and were allowed quite a
bit of freedom.
Freedom is a key word and a mantra for Andromedan women and even the Andromedan female star
seeds on Earth.
Andromedan women will never compromise their free will and freedom to the point where they
would almost rather die than be subjugated to the restrictions and control of a patriarchal
society.
Andromedans are noted in the Galactic Federation for their mastery of all forms of scientific
and technological endeavors.
Most Andromedans and even Andromedan star seeds tend to be quite adept at technology,
even on Earth.
Many of them work in computer and technical fields and quite a few of them choose to be
doctors or scientists.
However, I know quite a few Andromedan star seeds who are gifted in alternative healing,
usually energy healing, and some who are creative in the arts and music.
Andromedan star seeds.
Regarding star seeds on Earth, there are less Andromedan souls incarnated here than beings
from other star systems in our Milky Way galaxy, with the exception of maybe Arcturian star
seeds who are also small in numbers.
It is said that somewhere within the vicinity of 800,000 humans currently residing here
on Earth have an Andromedan origin soul.
These Andromedan star seeds usually live understated lives and only contain a small bit of their
Andromedan energy when they are incarnated on Earth.
The frequency in Andromeda is much different, higher than that of our solar system, so this
affects the ease of incarnation and the amount of soul energy that can be manifested in
the human form when these souls incarnate in the 3D.
Regarding the history of this fascinating star race, the Andromedan humanoids are descendants
of Larens who fled to Andromeda from the Lyra constellation.
There are also other races of beings in Andromeda that are either indigenous to that star system
or hailed from Andromeda Galaxy originally, but as I do Akashic readings for mostly Andromedan
star seeds with humanoid genetics, I focused on the Laren, Andromedan star history earlier
to keep things simpler in this video.
Andromedan involvement with planet Earth.
Millions of years ago, the Andromedans visited Earth during the time when the Syrians had
established themselves and colonies throughout the planet.
They welcomed the Andromedans, who requested setting up a few outposts around the globe
and within the inner Earth.
These outposts were for research purposes only, as they were not interested in hybridizing
the Earth human species, but mainly in studying the flora and fauna of Earth.
Some of the Andromedan genetic experiments with plants were used to aid the Syrians in
creating a more durable Syrian body and to aid in their genetic manipulation of the
Earth Human Genome Project.
The Andromedan humanoid races revered the universal law of free will and freedom so
much they did not want to interfere that much with the Earth human evolution.
So they maintained a mostly hands-off approach to handling the affairs on planet Earth.
From the present time human perspective, we merely sustained a small contribution from
the Andromedans towards our mental abilities and not so much for our physical bodies.
Unlike Syrian and Pleiadian genetics, Andromedan genetics are not as prevalent in Earth humans,
with the exception of maybe some groups in Southeast Asia and the UK.
So this likely has some bearing on why there are fewer Andromedan souls incarnated on Earth
than from other star groups.
The etheric winged beings from Andromeda, however, have been somewhat involved with
Earth since our first life formed and with humans at various stages of our development.
It may be that the Sumerian winged beings depicted on their reliefs may be actually
representation of these Andromedan beings.
It is said that these beings have been invited by the guardian archangels of Earth to participate
in our progression and that they came to our solar system on the wings of the archangels
who are the gatekeepers to Earth.
Perhaps the depictions of archangels are actually images of the winged Andromedans as they came
into our world and were thought to be the angels themselves.
