Module three, video six, video six, Galactic History, Pleiades, Heades, and Aldebaran.
This video was summarized Pleiadian, Headian, and Aldebaran colonization and history, including
the influence of the Dal people on Aldebaran. Pleiades, Headian, and Aldebaran civilization
culture and people, influence on planet Earth and Earth's history. The Pleiades star system.
My very first introduction to the Pleiadian race started in 2012, when through a couple
of memorable out of body experiences, I found myself on board a large starship, where I
actually had an encounter with a few members of this particular star race, along with the
Arturians and several other star races. From my out of body astral contact with them, everything
I've read about these beings is totally true. They are truly magnificent beings. And yes,
the ones I met on that starship I was on, are just as tall and attractive as the illustrations
you see out there depicting Pleiadians. They make the Earth supermodels look pretty shabby.
They have a beauty and elegance, along with an inner beauty that will take your breath
away when you are in their presence. Their auras are especially bright, and they emit
a loving energy that makes you feel good when you are around them.
Who are the Pleiadians and where do Pleiadians come from? Pleiadians are a highly advanced
race of extraterrestrial beings that come from the star cluster called the Pleiades,
and the constellation of Taurus the Bull. The first stories about the Pleiadians came
from Billie Meyer, who was contacted 130 times by a female Pleiadian alien named Samjase.
Billie Meyer's contact with this Pleiadian woman resulted in a worldwide phenomena to
uncover more information about who these Pleiadians are and where they came from. Today we know
more information about their origins and their home planet.
Through various contacts with Pleiadians and other alien races, many alien enthusiasts
today know how the Pleiadians look, where they are from, and what their past interactions
with humans signifies to our race. As we begin our development into the spiritual world here
on Earth, we may find our way through the higher planes of celestial wisdom and join
the Pleiadians, Larens, Syrians, Arturians, and Andromedans, and other star races too.
Earth humans are said to share common physical traits with Pleiadians, which can be traced
back to the human ancestors from both the Pleiades and Lyra.
In astronomy, the Pleiades, or Seven Sisters, Messir 45, or M45, is an open star cluster
containing middle-aged, hot B-type stars located in the constellation of Taurus. It is among
the nearest star clusters to Earth, and it is the cluster most obvious to the naked eye
in the night sky. The celestial entity has several meanings in different cultures and
traditions. The name of the Pleiades comes from the ancient Greek. The name was later
mythologized as the name of Seven Divine Sisters, whose name was derived from that of their
mother Plioni, meaning Daughters of Plioni. The nine brightest stars of the Pleiades are
named for the Seven Sisters of Greek mythology, Staropi, Maropi, Electra, Maya, Tigeta, Selino,
and Alcion, along with their parents Atlas and Plioni. As Daughters of Atlas, the Heades
were sisters of the Pleiades. The Pleiades are a prominent site in winter in the Northern
Hemisphere and have been known since antiquity to cultures all around the world, including
the Celts, Maori, Aboriginal Australians, the Persians, the Arabs, the Chinese, the
Japanese, the Maya, the Aztec, and the Sioux and Cherokee. Here is an interesting fact.
In Japan, the Pleiades constellation is mentioned under the name Mutsaraboshi, Six Stars, in
the eighth century Kojiki and Montsoyu documents. The constellation is known in Japan as Subaru,
meaning Unite, and is depicted in the logo and name of the Subaru Automobile Company.
The Pleiades star races in history. Because of savage wars in the Laren star system, Larens
were forced out of their home planets into the mystery of the galaxy. Soon, the Laren
refugees, now known as the Pleiadians, found their new home in the Pleiades asterism.
This star system is a small cluster of stars located in the constellation of Taurus the
Bull, which is approximately 500 light years from the planet Earth. Since the wars on Lyra,
the Pleiadians remain in the Pleiades star systems, seeking the spiritual ways taught
by their friends, the Arturians and the Andromedans. There are seven major stars in the Pleiades
cluster, which are Tygeta, Maya, Plione, Atlas, Maropi, Electra, and Alcion. The Pleiadians
are a very ancient race of humanoids. They discovered Earth many years ago, 225,000 BC,
and have played a large role in our ancient evolution, but have remained silent watchers
of our planet since their departure in 10 AD. The Pleiadians remain a peaceful race of
extraterrestrials who currently hold chairs on the higher galactic councils, which oversee
the higher truths of the universe. Although they have not yet reached the spiritual heights
of their friends, the Arturians, they continue to develop the mental skills necessary to
eventually reach their spiritual goals. However, their state of mind has allowed them to develop
the ability to transition in and out of our dimensions here on Earth. Some speculate that
their entire civilization have moved beyond our space and time and exists beyond our understanding.
Their main source of transportation is their intergalactic spaceships, which are also known
as beam ships. These beam ships have a similar look and feel to the gray alien UFOs, which
are commonly identified during sightings. Since Billie Meyer's contact with the Pleiadian
woman Semjase, many books and articles have surfaced a shed light on this race of aliens
that we seem to identify with very closely. As our trek takes us into the teachings of
higher spirituality, we find that many civilizations outside our world, like the Pleiadians, have
already mastered and understood the benefits of becoming one with the infinite powers of
the universe. There are many subjects that intrigue and captivate, but nothing is more
interesting than knowing and understanding the history behind galactic forces that shape
our galaxy today. If Pleiadians are like Earth humans, why are they in the Pleiades? The Pleiadians
today are a hybrid of the indigenous human population that has always resided on the
planet of the star constellation Pleiades and the refugees that came from the planet
Avalon and other planets in the Liren star systems. Avalon is the first known human
world that experienced a horrific destruction at the hands of the reptilians and the grays.
A galactic war broke out in the far reaches of our galaxy, which led to the reptilians
completely destroying their Liren home planet Avalon. From there, the inhabitants set out
to seek safe refuge on distant planets far from the controlling grasp of the reptilians.
While seeking a safe passage from the destruction of Lyra, the Lirens encountered one of the
most powerful races known to our universe, the Arterians. Since then, the Galactic Federation
was created from this alliance to ensure that complete destruction of planets was not allowed
and allow for a balance of power in a galaxy that's mostly controlled by the evil reptilians
and grays. The majority of Lirens, Avalon inhabitants, sought refuge in the star systems
of Alcyon and Tigeta, most notably on the Tigetan planet era in the Pleiades constellation.
There the Lirens would become advanced into ways taught to them by the Arterians and become
the race we know today as the Pleiadians. Some Pleiadians found themselves here on Earth
and decided to settle with the ancient cultures of the past. This is why some Earthlings,
mostly those who identify with the terms lightworkers and starseeds, feel a strong calling and
deep connection to outer space. Essentially, the Pleiadians are a race of humans that have
been disconnected from their home planet, Avalon, but have now undergone an enormous
calling to reach the higher planes of spirituality and fight the evil agenda of other races through
the positive powers of the universe. Today, there is no account for the Avalon home planet
and its location as it has been rumored to have been destroyed for millions and millions
of years now. Because of their past history, Pleiadians struggle with the hardship of emotional
distress and anger towards other races that seek to conquer less advanced planets. This
presents a massive hurdle for the Pleiadians because of their desire to seek the way of
the lightworker. The Pleiadians today possess advanced technology that allow them to protect
their planet era and their other planets in the Pleiades from the reptilians, as well
as galactic peace agreements arranged through the Galactic Federation and also offer a protective
shield of battle space cruisers for the defense of planet Earth in the event of another galactic
war. Several of the Pleiadian star systems have human life as we know it. The two most
advanced and developed stars are the systems of Tygetta and Alcion. Most of the Pleiadian
extraterrestrials look similar to Earth humans in both size and stature, build, color of
hair, etc. Each of the Pleiadian star systems have its own specialties. Tygetta, Starfleet
Command, Advanced Technology, Star Exploration, Scientific Pursuits, Alcion, CETA Pleiadian
Civilization and Government, Creativity, Music, Administration, General and Varied Interests,
Culture, Merope, Home of Pleiadian Psycho-Spiritual Healing, Divine Feminine Mysteries, Maya, Pleiadian
Pursuit of Spiritual Knowledge, Universal Law, Shamanism, Archaeological Projects, Electra,
Advanced Technology, Inventions, Star Codes, Template Builders and Implementers, Atlas,
Navigation and Travel, Star Mapping, Astronomy and Science, Plioni, Pleiadian Sanctuary Star
System, Rest and Respite for Pleiadians, Deep Spirituality and Contemplation. I'm not sure
of the other Pleiadian stars such as Solino and Starope. I think the Pleiadians tried to
colonize them with little success. One of the planets in the Starope system was destroyed
by Orion-based reptilians during the Orion Wars. Pleiadian culture and influence on Earth,
the Pleiadian language and the alphabets of Earth are both very similar. This was noted
as about 11,157 years ago when the script form was developed here on Earth and then
carried back to the Seven Sisters. This script form is the parent of most of our present-day
alphabets. All Earth languages are derived from an ancient pre-Samarian language called
Tamil, which is spoken in Lyra and in the Pleiades. Pleiadians are also very affluent
and articulate when speaking any of our languages or discussing our sciences, history and culture.
Their life spans far exceed Earth-human life by at least 10 times that from the Earth-human
norm. Their technology has made it possible for them to travel anywhere in our universe
as speeds faster than the speed of light. Pleiadians are also capable of using the ocean
for undersea operations. They are very concerned about our misuse for our sciences today and
that we have completely lost our spiritual center or harmony with our sciences. They
have no use for money politics and religions, clearly stating that the latter two, politics
and religion are really the same. The Pleiadians are worried that we will destroy our planet
and ourselves. The Pleiadians, as well as other extraterrestrial groups, have left descendants
on Earth in the past. They have said that they are willing to help us, but not to the
point of changing our own evolution and then therefore becoming responsible for us as a
race. The Pleiadian Light Council. The Pleiadian Council was formed approximately 200,000 years
ago after the first Great Galactic War. The aftermath of the Galactic War in the Lyra
system sent to humanoid Liren civilization traveling through the galaxy. Historically,
this event has been the most dramatic and desperate time for humanity to date. Many
of the Liren refugees made their way to the Pleiadian star system. The Pleiades star cluster
contains over 14 stars and spans eight light years across. The Liren refugees used large
transport ships to depart to the Pleiades systems. Beyond their fleet and equipment,
they had very little left after the Liren wars. The planet era, which orbits the star
system of the star, Tygetta, was inhabited but extremely remote and had a very small
and slightly primitive population. There are many other planets in the Pleiades star cluster.
However, some of them are uninhabitable. Tygetta has 10 planets orbiting the star. Other refugees
went to the lesser planets in the Pleiades, known to us as Semjasi, Pata, and Quetzal.
After a period of over 200,000 years, the Pleiadian civilization began to flourish.
Not only were the four main planets of era Semjasi, Pata, and Quetzal thriving, but the
Pleiadians were beginning to explore and terraform other planets in the Pleiades star cluster
and beyond. At this time, the Pleiadians formed the Pleiadian Council of Light, also known
as the High Council locally. The Pleiadian Light Council provides spiritual, tactical,
and governmental guidance to the Pleiadians. The Council consists of 12 members per division,
with 12 divisions in total, creating a total of 144 elected High Council members. There is a hierarchy
among the divisions, with the Grand Council of Light being headed on Alcion and the planet era
in Tygetta. The Council performs many different tasks overseeing the entirety of Pleiadian
relations with the rest of the galaxy. The Pleiadian Light Council is an essential member
of the Galactic Federation of Worlds and has an enormous impact on the decisions made for
the Galactic Whole, Pleiadians and Lightworkers. If you have spent five minutes searching the web
or countless books about who the Pleiadians are, you will find that oftentimes Pleiadians are
connected with those who are called the Starseeds and Lightworkers. First, a quick recap as to who
the Starseeds are and what Lightworkers do. Starseeds are those who are currently living on Earth,
but know deep inside with a feeling that's unshakable that their origins are not from this
world. Often, Starseeds are commonly those who have a connection with the Pleiadians and other
star races of this galaxy. Lightworkers are those on Earth, mostly Starseeds, who have set out to
accomplish the good work of the universal infinite intelligence and to spread the knowledge and
understanding of the positive powers humans and other races possess. Milania ago, Pleiadians were
from a planet called Abilon, said to be the first great human world in the universe. These humans
were known as Lyrans and were entrenched in a horrible battle between the Reptilians and Greys,
which ultimately saw the destruction of the first human world, which displaced billions of humans
in the cosmos. Many Lyrans sought refuge with the humanoid beings who already called the Pleiades
home. However, some of the Lyrans decided to venture into the far reaches of the galaxy and
would come to find refuge on a little planet called Earth. Therefore, for those who feel an
interconnection with the Pleiadian bloodlines, it is because of the universal channeling between
long-lost brothers and sisters. Starseeds are constantly finding ways to be able to find their
interconnections to their past and hope that one day they will have the opportunity to once again
join their cosmic families. Following the higher teachings of the powers that control good,
Lightworkers set out to teach others that there are different forces in the universe,
positive ones, than the mostly negative orientation known to man here on Earth.
Remember, when the Lyrans first arrived on Earth, there was already an indigenous human
population on this planet. Therefore, not all humans possessed the sense of an ancient past
and connection to the Pleiadians. So for those of us who consider ourselves Starseeds,
we will eventually gravitate towards the teachings of the Lightworkers and seek the
ways for the betterment of human life. Until we are once again in the presence of our Starkin,
we will continue gazing into the heavens and have the hope that perhaps one day the Pleiadians and
other star people will travel to stars to reconnect with their long-lost family here on Earth.
The Heades star system, with the exception of the Ursa Major Moving Group, the Heades cluster
is the closest star cluster to Earth at a distance of 150 light years. This cluster is easy to spot
in the night sky because it has a compact and distinctive shape of the letter V. The bright
star Aldebaran is part of the V. The V shape represents the face of the bull in the constellation
Taurus. Aldebaran represents the bull's fiery red eye. The Heades cluster is easy to find by
using Orion's belt, a compact and noticeable line of three blue white stars in the constellation
Orion the Hunter. Draw a line westward generally towards your sunset direction
through the belt stars and you will come to the bright reddish star Aldebaran, the bull's fiery
red eye. Although Aldebaran isn't a true member of the Heades star cluster, this bright star is
a great guide to this cluster. In fact, Aldebaran is only 65 light years away from Earth. The Heades
lies about 2.5 times farther off. This is what we call a line of sight coincidence. The V-shaped
figurative stars, except Aldebaran, highlight the brightest of the Heades few hundred stars.
A dozen or more Heades stars are visible to the unaided eye in a dark sky, but several dozen of
the cluster stars can be seen through binoculars or low power in a telescope. From the northern
hemisphere, the Heades are best seen in the evening sky from around January to April. The
constellation Taurus the Bull is home to another bright star cluster, the Pleiades. The Pleiades
cluster is more distant than the Heades at some 430 light years away. Both the Heades and the
Pleiades are easily visible to the unaided eye, but are enhanced by viewing with binoculars.
The Headian people. The Heades in the constellation Taurus, like the Pleiades and Aldebaran,
are said to be the destination of yet another group of refugees from the ancient Liran Wars.
The Headeans are refugees of the constellation Lyra after the first great galactic conflict.
When the Liran homeworld, Avalon, was brutally savaged by reptilian aggressors,
the inhabitants of that star system fled throughout the galaxy. While a great many
fled to the Pleiades and other star systems, some of these Lirans made their way to the Heades star
cluster to start a new home. The Headeans have remained much less active in galactic diplomacy
than their Pleiadian brothers and sisters. Little is known about the race of Headeans,
although they have been reported to connect with a few channeling individuals on Earth.
The Headian aliens are humanoid and are said to look very similar to the Pleiadians and have a
similar Nordic look. The Headian civilization stood as a frontier territory for the Liran-seeking
refuge from their invaders, since the Headian civilization has grown and prospered, spreading
life throughout the Heades system. The Headian people were a bit more introspective and gentler
than their Pleiadian cousins, however. Unlike the Pleiadians, they weren't as interested in star
travel and advanced technologies. They were known to be very creative and loved to work with their
hands. From my own observation in the Akashic Records, there is a facilitative leadership school
that is associated with this star system, so eventually the Headeans did become members of
the Galactic Federation, just like the Pleiadians. For this reason, the Headeans hold a vision for
global leaders and world servers, inspiring the administrative planning of world affairs.
This includes the physical logistics and global infrastructure designed to support humanity
through evolutionary unfoldment and global change. The Aldebaran star system. The reddish
star Aldebaran, the fiery eye of the bull in the constellation Taurus, is easy to find. It's part
of the V-shaped group of stars, the Headees, that forms the bull face. You can locate Aldebaran
using the famous constellation Orion as a guide. Notice the three stars of the Orion's belt. Then
draw an imaginary line through the belt to the right. The first bright star you come to will be
Aldebaran with its distinctive reddish-orange glow. It's a giant red star with a diameter 44 times
that of the sun. It appears to follow the Pleiades through the night sky. By the way, although it
appears among them, Aldebaran is not actually a member of the V-shaped Headees cluster. It's
much closer to Earth at 65 light years away. The Headees are about 150 light years away.
Because it is bright and prominent, ancient Persians honored Aldebaran as one of the four
royal stars, the other three being Regulus, Antares, and Formahalt. It is positioned as
the eye of the bull, and it is often called the eye of revelation. Astronomers and cosmologists
refer to it as the Eastern Royal Star, which is one of the four royal stars known as the Sentinels
guarding other stars. Aldebaran is also known as the Buddha's Star, the Star of Illumination,
and God's Eye. It has been used as a form of navigation for centuries, and it's connected
with the spirits of rain and the fertility of the Earth by many cultures. It has been spiritually
recognized for its alignment with divinity. The family of Archangel Michael is violet and
Blu-ray descendants of the First Order founder-ray of the Melchizedek Elohim Grail Line. As one of
the four royal fixed stars, it is part of the guardian consciousness and holds the Ark Portal
system, which allows many races to enter and leave the Earth Matrix. Aldebaran has a militant warrior
protector hero kind of vibe for a deep angelic reason. Aldebaran is said to be the celestial
influence and true guiding radio light to Archangel Michael, the Aldebaran people.
Like Pleiadians and Heidians, Aldebaran people were mostly descendants of Larens,
although there is some influence in their genetics also from an ancient race of Nordic
people from the Dal universe, which is incredibly a counterpart universe to this of our reality.
Apparently, our universe existed because of the Dal universe, and theirs because of ours. We were
related in some way because the two separate universes had a common origin, and that each
existed because of the other, and if one ceased to exist, the other would likewise cease to be.
There are also other universes involved, which further complicated the situation.
An oversimplification would be to consider one an anti-matter counterpart of the other. This is
something I've seen in the Akashic Records, that the Dal Nordics were once great space explorers
who diverse their universe, but somehow by accident ended up in our universe. When they
learned to navigate the polarity barrier between the two universes, they were amazed to discover
our life and existence similar to theirs in opposite reality and over time established
contact across the barrier and learned to navigate and explore their anti-matter counterpart,
our phenomenal universe. They called it the time barrier, time in this sense being the kind of
vibrations or kind of reality in which they normally existed. The Dal universe was much like
ours, but that the heavens and luminaries were all different. However, they were of the same
cumulative mass and energy. Once they learned to safely cross the barrier between the two universes,
which coexist in time and space, they learned to navigate and explore ours as well as theirs,
and they learned much and constantly transmitted information to their home system. Some of the Dal
people eventually settled in Aldebaran and welcomed the weary Larian travelers to their star system
after the Larian Wars. For this reason, the Aldebaran people, also known as the Aryans,
are great space travelers like the Dal and have advanced technologies that enabled them to visit
Earth and interact with Earth people throughout history, but particularly with the Nazis during
World War II. However, they are known to be warriors and protectors of the higher realms at this time.
