Module 2, Video 3. Video 3, Galactic History, the Introduction of Draco and the Lyron-Draconian
Wars. This video will summarize the Draco Civilization, where they came from originally,
the hierarchy of Draconian beings, from dragons to warrior-caste reptilians, and their interest
in Lyra, the great deception of Lyra, the ambush of Avalon and Avion, and how Vega got
involved in the wars, the destruction of Lyra Vega, and its impact on humanity, even today
in modern times, the Lyron-Draconian Wars. This is a difficult topic for me personally
to talk about, mostly because of my own soul memories of my lifetime in Lyra, and the catastrophe
and consequent trauma that occurred during that time. In the previous video, we discussed
how the co-creators, Elohim, created life in the star system of Lyra, which flourished
for thousands of years. However, for some unknown reason, I have my own hypothesis,
the co-creators decided to start this great experiment of the descent into physicality
in a small constellation that is located right next to a much bigger constellation, Draco,
that contained dark, service-to-self reptilian beings we now know as the Draconians. Thus
began the great conflict between light and dark that has started in Lyra and has existed
in this galaxy now for millions of years, the Draconians from Draco. A lot of my clients
asked me, where did the Draconians originate from? Why is their consciousness so different
from ours? My understanding from the Akashic records is that these beings originated from
a different universe. They created a massive destruction of such large magnitude in that
other universe. They were removed from that universe by the beings that they were in conflict
with and deposited in this universe in the constellation of Draco. Eventually, though,
through no fault of our own, we somehow inherited another universe's problem children.
The Draconian original lineage is a race known as the Seacar, and they have a caste system
based on genetics. The Draconians have sort of a caste hierarchy that exhibits itself as different
levels of reptilian beings. The upper Echelon Draconians are the dragons that we all know
and recognize from stories and mythologies here on Earth. My understanding is that these dragons,
although large and frightening in appearance, are actually neutral in their standing within
the separative principle of the universe and can swing either light and dark depending on their
whim or desire at the moment. These mysterious, reclusive, yet powerful beings are not inherently
evil and prefer to stay out of conflict if possible. The middle Echelon, what I call the
warrior caste Draconians, are the reptilians that we always hear about in the conspiracy theories
in popular ufology culture, what some call the Lizzies. These Lizzies are about eight feet tall,
have long tails and thick green scaly skin, and stand upright on two legs. They have heads and
jaws that resemble the alligators, and they are physically powerful and intellectually superior
to the current state of human evolvement. They are warriors and master geneticists and are of
the service to self-polarity, most of them anyway. They can be considered the forces of darkness in
that they raid realities out of conquest and control systems of consciousness for the sake
of power in serving the self. They are strongly polarized along the separative principle of the
universe, and they do not follow the non-interventional guidelines of allowing civilizations to develop
along their own lines. They seek conquest and will use whatever level of power and violence is needed
to achieve their goals of domination. They came to own and control different portals of space and
corridors of time, which allowed them to raid different realities and structures of consciousness
called planets. As is true of all of those of negative polarity, they were never satisfied
with all that had come under their control, and they continued to spread themselves throughout
the universe like a metastasizing cancer. What isn't commonly known about these Lizzies is that
the females of the species are the dominant ones. They call the shots and issue the orders. It must
also be said that not all of the reptilians are of the negative polarity. There are some smaller
groups that have split off from the cold-hearted conquerors and who chose the light, and some
positively polarized entities have incarnated among them to try to affect change in that way,
but it's a very sacrificial act with few rewards for these reptilian beings. I've seen some of these
benevolent reptilians in the Akashic records. Most are located in Sirius and a few in some of the
Orion star systems. Some of my Akashic clients have these magnificent benevolent reptilian beings as
their personal guides, depending on their star system of origin. Both upper and middle echelon
Draconians have a higher dimensional beingness with physicality and exist at various levels of the
fourth density, which is also called the astral planes. Unless they would so will it, they would
not be visible at this third density level of being, except to those with some activation of
their third eye, the sixth chakra, being able to use etheric sight. I've personally seen reptilians
in this third dimensional plane, and I've known a few other people who have seen them. The lower
echelon reptilians are not the creatures we now know as reptiles, which were the result of genetic
experiments that the Draconians, who were master geneticists, conducted on Earth and other star
systems such as Sirius and Orion to create smaller versions of themselves. It is much like what the
feline beings did in the previous section when they created the humanoid races and also smaller
versions of themselves with the feline creatures such as lions and tigers and even domestic cats
that now exist here on Earth. Anyway, my understanding is that even the very large dinosaurs that existed
on Earth hundreds of thousands of years ago were actually lower echelon reptilians that were the
creation of the warrior cast Draconians as part of a great experiment on this planet. The reptilians
created a great upheaval throughout the universe that first started in Lyra in this galaxy millions
of years ago and making their stronghold in systems such as Orion, with Earth becoming affected about
300,000 years ago when the reptilians invaded this reality and won the battle engaged throughout this
solar system, the great conflict and the first great deception. All human life was seated in Lyra
in our galaxy. My understanding is that the human race originally, our ancestors, were literally
brought in by another race, the felines, who acted as stewards for our initial creation. The human
races were evolving in Lyra within many solar systems in that constellation. The reason why
the co-creators chose the Lyra constellation to create physical worlds was because of the frequencies
of their stars and planets were sufficient to permit the original Liren, Adamic human physical
form, as it was back then with 12 strands of DNA and beings who were 15 feet tall and about 400 to
500 pounds. So what happened is that this human race, agricultural in nature, was evolving in Lyra.
They eventually began to develop space travel and they were still developing space technology
and working together to develop their new civilization. One day, approximately 572 million
years ago in this current timeline, several huge crafts appeared in the sky in the Liren star system.
A large ship came out of one of the huge crafts and approached the Liren planets and reptilians
from the Alpha Draconis star system from the constellation of Draco disembarked. Apparently
in the beginning, the Alpha Draconians and the Lirens were afraid and suspicious of each other.
So we have two races who had previously thought that they were alone on this galaxy come into
contact with each other. We're talking about two antithetical races in many ways. The Alpha Draconians
were the first race in our galaxy to have interstellar space travel and have had this
capability for 4 billion years. When the Draconians came and saw the beautiful Liren planets with
all its abundance and food and natural resources, the Draconians wanted to conquer and control it.
The Draconians were driven and motivated to explore space to search for food as their own
planets on Draco were barren and lacking in resources. All races have their different
motives for doing what they do. The situations for the Draconians was that they were migrating
and building up their original population so fast that they had to develop space travel. As they
moved out into the galaxy, they would find planets and moons with resources they could use. They
continued to migrate, taking what they needed, when they needed it, and moved on. When they got
to Lyra, they discovered several solar systems with incredible planets that had water, food,
and lush vegetation. They immediately wanted to control the space route because they realized
the value of the resources. When they approached the Lirens, the Lirens were extremely suspicious
of the reptilians because the sea car element of the race were very aggressive. Some say that there
was a miscommunication or misunderstanding between the Draconians and Liren humans that caused the
wars. But my understanding from the Akashic records is that the Draconians actually intended
on deceiving the Lirens with an offer of a sort of a treaty. An exchange of resources from the
abundant Liren planets in return for a higher level advanced technology from Draco. The Draconians
knew that the Lirens were a young race, compared to their own anyway, and that their technology
was lacking. So this would be a very enticing deal for them. The Lirens, although eager to obtain
better technology from the Draconians, wanted to know more about the Draconians before some kind
of treaty was agreed upon, and in their naivety agreed to allow the Draconians to explore their
planets in the hope of getting to know this race better. The Draconians took this opportunity to
scope out the weak areas and lack of defense systems in the Liren planets, and subsequently
ambushed and annihilated several of the 14 planets in the Liren system. As the Lirens were a peaceful
race that previously never knew war, violence, and deception, they were basically defenseless.
They had no weapons in which to defend themselves. The vegan blue skin race from the Vega star system
initially didn't want to get involved with the Liren wars, but as they had an excellent advanced
Starfleet, they soon realized that they were also in danger of getting attacked by the Draconians.
Eventually, they had no choice but to get involved in the wars for their own defense
and to assist their Liren neighbors who were getting annihilated from the massive Draconian
armadas. The planets Bela, Tika, Merck, Avion, and Avalon were destroyed and possibly others.
Over 50 million Liren humans were slaughtered. It is at this point in history that the Draconians
began to look at humans as a food source and as slaves. During the wars, the reptilians had
their first taste of human flesh and they liked it. They also used some Liren prisoners as sex
slaves and for breeding purposes. This is how old the struggle is between the reptilian and human
races. What resulted from the Liren-Draconian wars was the biggest catastrophic event that
has ever occurred in this galaxy and quite possibly this entire universe.
