Video 12, Navigating the Galactic Akashic Records.
This video will summarize working with extraterrestrial information and energies, how to channel information
from the galactic records from different star systems and extraterrestrial races, how to
recognize specific star systems and dimensions, as well as angelic celestial energies, how
not to get overwhelmed when navigating the vast information received from the galactic
Akashic Records. Ethics and Responsibilities. The responsibilities involved with doing an
Akashic reading, keeping client information confidential, karmic repercussions of using
the records for evil or nefarious purposes, working with guides, how to recognize messages
from your guides, your client guides, or the Akashic guides when accessing the galactic
Akashic Records. When is it appropriate to call in assistance from the guides? What are
the three levels of healing in an Akashic reading? Navigating extraterrestrial information
and energies. So once you get into the Akashic Records, what then? How do you access the deeper
galactic records? As an Arcturian star seed, I love to use processes and a format of sorts
that help me navigate through the vast informational realm of the galactic Akashic field, and I'm
happy to share my methods with you. I'm not saying that you have to conduct your readings
exactly like I do, as every reader has their own style, but my hope is that my format will
give you a guideline to use until you start feeling more comfortable with the process
and developing your own way of conducting galactic Akashic readings. Although lifetimes
in dimensions in the higher realms are not at all linear, I like to use a more linear process when
conducting readings because that is what's most relatable to the majority of people on Earth,
and it keeps a sense of simplicity and continuity with the Akashic reading process.
With that being said, I created a step-by-step format to help you all when learning to navigate
the galactic records. Number one, starting from the beginning of yours or your client's soul
inception. Once you access yours or your client's records after connecting with the Pathway Prayer
process, rewind their records from the very beginning of that person's soul inception,
going way beyond Earth and the Earth records. Silently and mentally, ask the Akashic guides
to help you if you're finding this difficult or if you feel stuck. As a lot of us incarnated on
Earth these days are starseeds, you should be seeing, in the records with your third eye,
a galaxy of stars or an alternative dimensional realm. For many of us, it's likely the galactic
center in the Milky Way galaxy, but for some folks it might be the Andromeda galaxy or even some
other universe. If you are unsure about what you're seeing, ask the Akashic guides to tell you
what that is. They are usually quite helpful and they will tell you, through Claire Audience,
during your reading exactly what you're looking at. Most Earth people with starseed heritage
started off as part of the Lyra Vega over soul family, but that's not always the case.
You might get a few who've had their beginnings in the Andromeda galaxy and some who are connected
with the Arcturus over soul group or even some who weren't connected with Lyra or Vega at all,
but had their first soul inception in a particular star system, such as Sirius B
or some star system in the Pleiades or the Andromeda constellation. This doesn't mean that
they're necessarily younger souls, but maybe for some reason their souls chose not to have their
first experiences in Lyra Vega. With Arcturian starseeds in particular, the records should be
taking you directly to the Boda's constellation. If a person had their beginnings in the Cassiopeia
system, for instance, you should be taken to that particular constellation in the records.
It might be helpful to really familiarize yourself with what these constellation star systems,
asterisms, and galaxies physically look like. I have provided some resources in the supplemental
section of this module to help you with that as well. Number two, pinpointing a person's origins
and going from there. Once you have determined a person's galactic origins, you'll need to ask
yourself some questions and allow the Akashic guides, Lords of the Records, to show you more
information. What planet did this person have their very first physical incarnation? What did
the planet look like? What did they look like? What were they doing? Where were they living?
What were their families like? Who were they connected to? What special skills did they develop
during their incarnation or incarnations in the star system? For example, let's use someone who
had their origins in the Lyra constellation. You ask, what planet did they start in? The
records might say Avalon or Avion, or some other planet. But for the sake of this exercise,
we'll pick Avion. What did the planet look like? Maybe the planet's environment had some unique
looking flora, and there were lots of animals that we currently don't see here on Earth.
Maybe the planet looks similar to something you saw in the sci-fi movie. That is okay,
since many of these movies are created from the imaginations and soul memories of the collective
unconscious of all of us here on Earth. What did the person look like in this incarnation?
If it's an Avion, maybe they were a human-feline hybrid, or maybe they looked quite humanoid,
but taller and like their most attractive self, since this planet was in the higher dimensions
than Earth, usually sixth density for Lyra, and most humans there were the Adamic Carmen type,
that is the original human template. What were they doing? They were a typical Laren farmer,
as that's what most Laren people did in Avion. Or maybe they were part of the Laren Starfleet,
or worked in administration with the Laren councils. Where were they living in a small
Laren farming village? Or they were living on board an ancient Laren starship? Or they were
traveling a lot and didn't have a permanent home? What were their families like? They were married
and had two kids with lots of family members who lived in the village. Larens typically had very
large families, or they were still a young adult but engaged to be married, or they were a child at
the time, or they were so devoted to their work they were single. Sometimes with this question,
you might see members of their current Earth family represented in the records, as many of us
had soul contracts with family members that transcend many lifetimes and star systems.
What special skills did they develop in Lyra? They developed their love of technology from the
work they did with the Laren Starfleet. Or they loved plant medicine because they grew medicinal
plants on their farm in Avion. Or they are great with physical exercise because of their feline
genetics. I just wanted to add that it's okay to share and describe what you are seeing in the
records to your client, as likely it'll awaken and activate some ancient soul memories for them.
And you don't have to use the same questions I used here. It's totally okay to add some other
questions or change the questions as you think will work for you and your client. Number three,
looking at you or your client's lifetimes in this system. Continuing to use the example above,
what do you see happening to your client during their Lyra in life? It should be playing out in
your third eye like a movie. Were their lives mostly peaceful or did they get caught up with
the Lyra and Draconian wars? If the latter, what happened to them during the wars? Did they survive
and escape to another star system or did they pass away? It's okay to tell your client if they
passed away during the wars, as this was a common theme that happened to a lot of us during those
times. It's okay to tell them how they died as well. If the Akasha guides show you that scene
in the records, telling them gently and respectfully as possible, of course. Where did they end up after
the destruction of Lyra? What new star system did they settle in or reincarnate it into? Next,
here's a little twist that I do to relay this information to the client's current incarnation
on Earth. You don't have to do this with your readings, but I see it as making their ancient
incarnations much more relatable to their present life. What lessons did they learn in their Lyra
in life, still using the Lyra example, that relates to them on Earth now? What trauma patterns from
Lyra are they still working through in this lifetime? What prominent personality traits
did they develop during the experiences they had during their incarnations in Lyra? As an example,
let's say that your client died during the Lyran Wars. So they learned a lesson of abandonment and
might be still working on patterns of betrayal and being too trusting of others in their current
Earth relationships. Because of this experience, they might be drawn to unhealthy codependent
relationships in this lifetime. It could also have a positive bent though. Maybe the client is now
super independent and have highly developed leadership skills in response to the negative
experiences they had in their original lifetimes in Lyra because they are hyper vigilant about
taking care of themselves in the face of adversity and finding solutions to insurmountable
problems. Even if your client isn't Lyran at all, you will still want to use the same template in
regards to their lifetimes in Arcturus for example, or Sirius A or B, or Andromeda, or some other star
system. Number four, following you or your client's soul journeys. As a general rule with galactic
Akashic readings, the vast majority of us are ancient multi-dimensional souls and have had a
multitude of lifetimes in several star systems, not just one. Likely after your client's Lyran life,
still using the example we've been using, maybe they ended up in Sirius or the Pleiades, either
as a refugee escaping the destruction of Lyra, or they ended up reincarnating into that system
if they passed away in Lyra. For simplicity's sake, we'll use Sirius A and Alcyon in the Pleiades
as an example. So now, using the same questions that we used for the Laren lifetimes they had,
what are they doing now? What did they look like? Were they humanoid, or did they incarnate as
various different species of beings in this system? With Sirius, it's totally possible that
they had incarnations as different species of beings, but with the Pleiades, not so much as the
Pleiadians were predominantly humanoid beings. How did their Laren incarnations affect their lifetimes
in their new star systems? How did they recover as a soul? What is their new mission in this new
incarnation? What new skills and lessons did they learn in their Syrian and or Pleiadian lifetimes?
What new relationships and soul contracts have they developed in these systems? Are they still
in contact with the individuals that they've had soul contracts with in those systems today here
on Earth? Depending on you or your client's needs, the Akasha Guides will oftentimes show you during
the reading, you can customize your questions as much as you'd like in order to gain the information
needed that will most help you or your client. And if the records show you a number of different
star systems that you or your person incarnated into, you can explore as many of them or as few
of them as times allows during your session. Number five, common themes with certain star
lineages. There are common themes related to a star system's history and culture that may have
had an impact on you or your client's soul journeys when you or they had incarnations in
those systems. These themes are trends that I've noticed and made use of after conducting thousands
of these galactic Akashic readings for starseeds and lightworkers during the past several years.
A big part of the reason why this course is so devoted to galactic history is to familiarize you
with the various extraterrestrial star systems and civilizations that have had a big influence
on Earth and Earth human genetics. But it's helpful to know the common themes of these systems as well.
It will take way too much time to go through all of these star system trends and tendencies
in this video. So my team and I have created some flow charts that you can access in the supplemental
materials in this module to assist you as you learn to navigate the galactic lifetimes in the
records. Number six, coming to Earth on a new mission. It's without saying that many of us having
Akashic readings are indubitably connected to Earth as we've all incarnated here at this time.
I always like to refer to Dolores Cannon's book, The Three Waves of Volunteers and the New Earth
as a reference during my readings, which is yet another reason why I asked for my client's
birth date as it gives me a pretty good indication of that person's sole purpose
and their predominant mission here on their current incarnation on Earth. Regardless of what
wave your client is, if they are here on Earth, they've likely had some prior incarnations on
this planet. So you'll want to explore that as well during your Akashic reading. As a general rule,
most starseeds probably had their first Earth incarnation in either Lemuria or Atlantis,
or very few in both, and the majority of starseeds also had at least one incarnation in ancient
Egypt, which was a common converging point for starseeds after the fall of Lemuria and Atlantis.
Depending on your client's star lineage and the ET genetics that are prevalent in certain areas
of the planet, a chart will be provided on this in the supplemental materials as well,
might have determined where your client have had most of their Earth incarnations.
But as always, you'll want to depend more on what their Akashic records show you and not on general
trends, as each soul is unique and has had its own journey. The Earth's lives, like the off-planet
ones, will obviously have a direct effect on your client's soul journey and the lessons and skills
they have learned on their way to having this current incarnation on this planet,
as well as their life mission and purpose during this lifetime. Number seven, for your information,
there are few starseeds, mostly third-wave volunteers, but not always, who've had no prior
incarnations on Earth, with this being their very first life here. You'll know this because
when you look into their records, you won't see any prior Earth lifetimes light up on a map of
Earth seen in the records. Also, occasionally, you might come across a client who is a walk-in or a
parallel soul. We will be covering how to read the Akashic records for these types of clients
in a future Akashic training course, but like the first-time Earth volunteers, you won't see
any prior Earth lives show up in their Akashic records. Most walk-in souls are from higher
dimensional star systems, such as Arcturus or Andromeda, occasionally a very few from another
galaxy or universe, and most parallel souls are usually directly from the galactic center
in a higher dimensional plane and may have had very unique star missions.
Many are watchers and observers. Number eight, speaking of unique soul types, occasionally,
very occasionally, you might run across some Akasha clients who aren't starseeds at all,
but are angelic types having a human incarnation. I don't get many clients who fall into this
category. I can maybe count the few that I've had in my entire Akasha career with just one hand.
Usually, these souls have an extremely bright auric field, different from the bright sparkly
Andromeda galaxy aura or the beautiful bright turquoise of the Pleiadian aura,
and just feel angelic when you are in their presence. They are usually connected with a
specific angelic family group, for instance, Archangel Michaels, Raphael, Ariel, Metatron,
etc., and have a very unique reason for incarnating on Earth at this time. So their Akashic
reading will have a much different flow than the readings you do for starseeds. I don't consider
myself an expert on angels, so you might want to refer to some of the works of Doreen Virtue
or Kyle Gray to get more information on angelic families and soul groups. A few of these resources
will be provided in the supplemental information for this module. Number nine, using other modalities
with the galactic Akashic records. I think this is pretty obvious, and we touched on this a little
on video 10, but I think it can be fun and meaningful to your client to add in other
spiritual modalities to enhance the Akashic reading. I like to add in astrology and numerology
and or mythological archetypes and animal totems to add an extra level of information and meaning
to my Akashic readings. But that's specific to my Akashic reading style, and it doesn't have to
be something that you do too, unless it feels natural for you to do that. As we already mentioned
in video 10, I would suggest getting really comfortable with the Akashic reading process
before adding in other modalities and practices to your readings. However, number 10, most of all,
have fun with the process of learning to navigate the galactic records and don't get too stressed
out by the processes and the guidelines or trying to remember all of it. We have provided
lots of supplemental material information and resources to help you with your learning process.
So do not worry. You got this. How not to get overwhelmed when navigating the galactic Akashic
records? A lot of times with newly trained, inexperienced galactic Akashic readers,
they might be accessing the Akashic records, but get totally overwhelmed with the vast array of
information they are seeing or downloading when they get into the galactic realm of the records.
Sometimes they're seeing too many lifetimes coming to them at once, or it's a problem with
sensory overload. There's just too much information altogether. If it's a problem with the too many
lifetimes, just pick one lifetime out of the many you are seeing and follow the story for that
lifetime only. It doesn't matter where in the person's timeline that lifetime has occurred.
So don't worry about following a linear process until you get more experience with the records.
If it's a problem with the sensory overload, I use what my Akashic teacher called the dial down
method. If you are getting too much information at once, imagine a big dial in your head and
mentally imagining yourself dialing down the dial while asking the Akashic guides for a smaller,
more manageable stream of information to come through. This should help with the information
overload issue. Ethics and responsibilities of reading the Akashic records. It's without saying
that we always want to use the Akashic records for the highest good of all involved, whether that be
for my client, myself, and all of those connected with us. Always be sure to act with the highest
ethics when visiting the Akashic records. If your intentions are good, your guides will be able to
lead you to helpful and healing information. We talked about this a bit in video 10, but never
take it upon yourself to try to look into the records of another person without permission
from that person. Just as you wouldn't snoop through someone else's phone, so you shouldn't
use the records to delve into another's path. The goal always should be personal growth and healing,
not to infringe on the privacy of others. Also, as a universal law, there is a karmic repercussion
to using the records for benevolent reasons, so you'll want to avoid that as well. The following
are called the psychic code of ethics declaration of principles. I use all of these principles
daily, and they might be helpful guidelines for you with your practice as well. A written copy
will also be provided for you in the supplemental materials for this module. Number one, I am working
to enhance the image of the metaphysical community by living with personal and professional integrity.
Number two, I am treating all persons equally without prejudice or discrimination because of
sex, race, ethnic background, color, religious affiliation, or sexual preference. Number three,
I am scrupulously avoiding fraudulent claims, practices, and promises, and I always strive
for quality in readings and all metaphysical and spiritual work. Number four, I'm encouraging
seekers to accept total responsibility for their lives and the choices they must make in their lives.
Number five, I am honoring others' points of view, even those that differ from mine. Number six,
I am setting reasonable fees with no hidden costs or surprise fees. I do not keep the client falsely
engaged just to increase my fee. Number seven, I am keeping all readings confidential and discrete.
Number eight, I am not claiming 100% accuracy because no one has or is meant to have
all the answers all of the time. Spirit, God, and or the universe has a plan that is not always
revealed to us. Number nine, I advise my clients that I'm not a licensed therapist, psychiatrist,
or medical doctor, and therefore do not give diagnoses or psychological counseling. Number
10, I do not counsel that someone is about to die or has a terminal disease, even if I feel
a serious illness may be present. Number 11, I never try to force clients to accept what I am
telling them. Number 12, I keep the client's welfare in mind first. In cases where I feel
that I cannot psychically serve the client, I advise them honestly and either refund their money
or refer them to another psychic counselor. Number 13, finally, I promise to work conscientiously
for the highest and best good of my clients. Working with the guides, the Akashic guides,
your guides, and the client's guides. A lot of times when people are first trying to access the
Akashic records, they might not be feeling too confident in their abilities. They may wonder if
they're truly in the records or if the information they are getting are truly from the Akashic guides,
lords of the records, their guides, the masters and teachers, or their client's guides, or if
they're making it all up. So it may seem overly simple, but just saying the pathway prayer process
with conscious and deliberate intent gets you into the actual Akashic records, even the galactic ones.
But do remember that reading the Akashic records is never a solo endeavor. It involves you, the forces
of light, the Holy Spirit of God, source, the Akashic guides, lords of the records, your guides,
the masters, teachers, and loved ones, and even your client's guides if you should need their help
as well. So when you show up to read the Akashic records, all of these light beings show up too
to help you. They will do everything they can to help you shift your consciousness and access the
records. So your willingness and sincere desire for guidance along with the assistance of these
heavenly beings will assure that once you say the records are now open, you will be in the records
every time. After accessing the Akashic records, take a moment to ask the Akashic guides and your
guides for any guidance that they can offer for your work. This is an opportunity for you to develop
your conscious partnership with these beings. If you have any questions for them at this time,
you can ask them those questions now. As I've mentioned before, even throughout the reading,
if you are feeling stuck or not sure what you are seeing in the records and need more clarification,
do ask the guides to assist you. You'll always know if it's the Akashic guides and or your guides
giving you a message because you will hear them clear audience while you are in the records giving
you additional information or answering your questions directly. If you are in the records
and you feel that your view is dim or you sense nothing coming to you, adjust your posture and
pull your shoulders back to open up your heart center and allow the light to move deeper in
that space. That little shift in itself might make all the difference in your ability to access
information from the records more successfully, but you can always ask the Akashic guides to assist
you as well. What are the three levels of healing in the Akashic records? Many clients desire to have
a galactic Akashic reading, not just for self-rediscovery or to find out what star system they
originally came from, but also because they may have a problem that requires a deeper level of
healing. The permanent solution of any problem requires a permanent evolution of the soul.
So in order for people to have any kind of healing in the records, they must first experience a
permanent shift in the way that they perceive themselves. A lot of times just the reconnection
to their galactic selves during an Akashic reading achieves this, but sometimes a client
can't experience these shifts until you, the Akashic reader practitioner, leads them through
the three levels of healing. Number one, understanding the story from the client's point of view.
Number two, look for the causes and conditions. And number three, recognize the soul level truth.
We will go much more in depth with this process during our next Akashic training course on Akashic
clearing work, but you can accomplish the three levels of healing during an Akashic reading as
well. So using a recent Akashic reading I did as an example of this process, I'll demonstrate how
the three levels of healing can be used. Number one, understand the client's story from their
point of view. My client has extensive training in the pharmaceutical field, but isn't working in his
field currently due to a series of unfortunate circumstances, COVID, poor economy, lack of
opportunities in that field in his country, and a need for additional training and certification.
He is currently working in retail sales, which is making him feel unhappy and unsatisfied with
his life. He wants to go back to school to get the additional training and certification needed
so that he can work in his chosen field and support his family more adequately. He's married
with three kids, but he doesn't have the money to do that at this time. Number two, look for the
causes and conditions. When I looked into this client's galactic Akashic records, I found that
he is a sevega serious star seed who spent lifetimes working as a medical officer for the
Vega Starfleet, then with the Syrian branch of the Galactic Federation. During the Lyra-Draconian
wars, he had to work many thankless hours of patching up severe injuries of the many refugees
from Vega who barely escaped the wars with their lives. This, coupled with losing his own entire
family during the wars, left him with a deep level of guilt, sadness, and a heightened sense
of responsibility. This situation was repeated again in another lifetime as a Syrian being when
he was asked to assist the Orion people during the Orion wars. Once again, he was working many
long stressful hours helping Orion war survivors to heal and get back on their feet. In his current
life, he works long hours at his retail job and is often feeling stressed out from this. These past
lives, along with an ancestral program of lack and struggle from his current Earth family,
are replaying themselves in his current life within his current situation. Number three,
recognize the soul level truth. In all actuality, my client is not a victim of bad circumstances at
all, but has actually chosen these lessons during this lifetime to gain a new opportunity to heal
from these old programs and release ancient ancestral karma. So his higher self and his
guides are giving him a chance to transcend this age old issue to find a new solution
and evolve as a soul. Once my client realized that he actually created this situation in his
life and that he's not a victim of karma, he's starting to feel more hopeful regarding his
situation and feels more empowered now to manifest the money and solutions needed to return to school
and get back to working in the pharmaceutical field while still supporting his family and feeling
more fulfilled overall. So I hope this video gave you a lot of helpful tools and new methods
of navigating and healing within the Galactic Akashic Records. In our next and last video for
this course, we will be learning more tips and tricks in working with the Galactic Records and
helping us to achieve much insight, knowledge, and healing for all of us, as well as the collective
consciousness of this planet.
