Module 3, Video 5, Video 5, Galactic History, Sirius A, B, and C, and Procyon.
This video will summarize Syrian and Procyon colonization in history, including Sirius
B and C and Nibiru.
Syrian and Procyon civilization, culture, and people, including the Syrian Mystery Schools,
Ascended Masters, the Namo Amphibian People, and the Anunnaki, influence on planet Earth
and Earth's history.
The Sirius Star System.
The name Sirius is derived from the ancient Greek, ΣΠίρίος, meaning glowing or
scorcher.
The system has the Bayard designation Alpha Canis Majoris.
What the naked eye perceives as a single star is actually a binary star system, consisting
of a white main-sequence star of spectral type A1V termed Sirius A, and a faint white dwarf
companion of spectral type DA2 called Sirius B.
The distance separating Sirius A from its companion varies between 8.2 and 31.5 light
years.
Sirius appears very bright because of both its intrinsic luminosity and its proximity
to Earth.
At a distance of 8.6 light years, the Sirius system is one of Earth's nearest neighbors.
Sirius is gradually moving closer to our solar system, so it will slightly increase in brightness
over the next 60,000 years.
After that time, its distance will begin to recede, but it will continue to be the brightest
star in the Earth's sky for the next 210,000 years.
Sirius is also known colloquially as the Dog Star, reflecting its prominence in its
constellation Canis Major, Greater Dog.
The helical rising of Sirius marked the flooding of the Nile in Ancient Egypt and the Dog Days
of Summer for the Ancient Greeks, while to the Polynesians in the Southern Hemisphere,
it marked winter and was an important star for navigation around the Pacific Ocean.
Syrian history.
After the fall of Lyra and after many years of wandering throughout the galaxy, many of
the vegan starships and a few of the Laron ships ended up in the star system of Sirius
and started colonizing the system of Sirius A.
Many of my Syrian starseed Akasha clients have heard me talk about the Syrian Great
Drive for technological advancement during the early days of Syrian colonization.
In attempts to prevent Sirius, a similar fate of being unprepared technologically speaking,
like their Laron forefathers during the Laron-Draconian Wars.
As Sirius was inhabited by many different types of beings after the Laron Wars, there
were some conflicts in the beginning between these diverse groups, but eventually Sirius
became unified through the development of the Syrian High Council, which contained representation
from all Syrian species of beings, including the reptilians and the reptilian hybrid beings
from Sirius B and C.
The Syrian people were always practical and resourceful in their day-to-day life, but
they never abandoned their spiritual interests from their Vega roots and eventually created
the Syrian Mystery Schools after generations of collecting information from their many
exploration missions throughout the galaxy.
The Syrians were concerned that much information was lost during the Laron Wars, so knowing
that knowledge is power, they honored their quest for higher learning by store-housing
all levels of esoteric knowledge in their newly developed mystery schools.
The Syrians, always being the service to other beings that they are, became known as the
Masters of Physical Healing and developed much of the alternative healing modalities
that we currently use and enjoy here on Earth, such as Reiki, bodywork massage therapy, crystal
healing, meridian work, such as acupuncture, plant medicine, and energy healing.
The Syrian people.
The Syrians are an extraterrestrial race of people, mostly descendants of Laron and vegan
refugees who, among their many contributions to spiritual evolution, assist Earth and its
inhabitants.
The Syrians are considered to be spiritual warriors and are much more spiritually advanced
than many off-world civilizations.
They originate from a double star in the constellation Canis Major, the Big Dog or Orion's Dog.
Sirius A of Sirius A and B lies only 8.6 light years away from Earth.
They appear human and are distant relatives to us.
The Syrians are, in general, benevolent aliens mostly residing in the fourth through the
sixth dimensions.
Many Syrians are deeply wise, conscious, spiritual, and loving empathic people, though they are
much more evolved technologically and spiritually than us.
They are much more advanced in the metaphysical sense, as Sirius is home to one of the most
advanced training centers or universities known as the Mystery Schools, to which the
ascended masters travel.
Sirius is a star system which is a meeting place for beings of this galaxy who wish to
continue their spiritual studies.
Sirius has a direct link with our solar system, and the Syrians have been among us since the
time of the Mayan and Egyptian civilizations.
They gave the Egyptians much advanced astronomical and medical information, and also gave the
Mayan race advanced knowledge.
They also helped the Earth during the time of the cataclysmic period in Atlantis.
The Syrians helped to build the pyramids and temples of Egypt, and they are involved with
helping Earth into this new golden age.
The symbols that they used throughout time were usually of serpents or dogs.
Physically, as a generality, the Syrians had darker skin, darker hair and eyes, and were
not as large as the Lirans.
As far as their personality characteristics, they were very practical and compassionate
beings devoted to serving mankind.
Whereas the Lirans were committed to ruling mankind, the Syrians were interested in helping
and sometimes even saving mankind.
They could be very, very zealous, and because of that trait, they often interfered where
they did not belong.
But you could say that they were the crusaders for mankind.
The Sirius A people are principally benign or service to others.
They have been involved from time to time with Earth's history, and therefore taken
interest in their handiwork.
As with all alien groups, there are some members in Sirius who are service to self.
These numbers are small in proportion to the membership choosing the service to others'
orientation, similar to the Pleiadians and Nordics.
The Sirius B people are a watery dreamy race who are basically an evolved version of dolphins
and whales somewhat.
They are said to live in the Christ consciousness and are in the solar system very linked to
our own in a psychic manner.
They too play a role in helping Earth, but they are doing it from a more subtle standpoint,
like through the cetaceans in our seas.
When it comes to Earth galactic history, the Syrians play a major part.
The Syrians are one of the first alien civilizations to visit our solar system eons ago.
Some as yet unconfirmed theories situate these first visits to Earth approximately four to
five million years ago.
They were just short-term visits, mainly for scientific reasons, in what is now Latin America.
It was followed much later by waves of colonization, not only from Sirius, but also from Lyra,
and later on from Orion and the Pleiades.
When these colonizations of Earth took place, the Syrians started playing more and more
of a crucial role in the history of our planet.
Together with the Lyrans and Pleiadians, they ended up creating two successive versions
of mankind by blending some of their DNA with that of the less advanced humanoid species
that existed at the time on Earth.
In the early days of mankind, often during the Lemurian and Atlantean times, alien civilizations
openly interacted with our ancestors.
A lot of the Atlantean knowledge, with regards to auras, subtle bodies, or crystal healing,
can be traced back to Sirius.
It should therefore come as no surprise that Isis, the mother goddess in Egyptian mythology,
was seen as the greatest healer, who could even restore Osiris's life and body after
he had been murdered and cut into pieces by Seth.
The Syrians also played an important part in the histories of Lemuria, Tiawanaco, Egypt,
and Samaria.
In regards to the inhabitants of Sirius, one should keep in mind that the Syrian system
is the home of many galactic species, both physical and non-physical, humanoid and non-humanoid.
Most of these races are quite benevolent towards mankind.
But it's important to know that there is a minority of negative species too in Sirius,
focusing on personal gain through imperialism, control, and manipulation.
Some of the more horrific abductions that have taken place have been orchestrated by
these negative Syrians from the Sirius B and Sirius C systems.
Physical characteristics of the humanoid Syrians.
The Syrian race stems mostly from Vega.
They are dark-skinned and have dark pronounced eyes.
The Syrians that colonized Earth, however, number one, had a lot of contact with the
Larens and number two, adapted to the climate conditions on Earth so that their skin became
lighter and lighter.
Note that the description given of the physical characteristics only apply to the physical
humanoid Syrians, not to any non-humanoid Syrian races.
Alex Collier mentions a benevolent Syrian civilization of Laren-Vegand descent that
lives in the Sirius A system called the Katae.
He also mentions human inhabitants of the Sirius B system that are red, beige, gray,
or black-skinned, as well as reptilian and aquatic beings.
The humans there are thought to have cat-like eyes.
One of the more persistent rumors in galactic lore is that cetaceans, that is porpoises,
dolphins and whales, originally came from a planet orbiting one of the stars of Sirius.
Sirius consists not of one, but of three stars, although the scientific community is not entirely
convinced of the existence of a third star, as it was only observed once in 1929.
Many people believe that on Earth, too, dolphins and whales possess consciousness, similar
to human consciousness.
Some say planets that are also inhabited by cetaceans also orbits Analtak and Midtaka,
two of the three stars that make up the belt of Orion, our relationship to the Syrians.
About two million years ago, the Syrians began adding some of their own DNA to the genetic
material of Homo sapiens' forebears.
They helped to create the bodies that we have now, so genetically we're almost identical
to them.
The main physical differences are that Syrians tend to be taller than we are, with larger
and more fully developed brains, and they live much longer than Earth humans.
In fact, the Syrian brain has another lobe above the frontal, much like dolphins and
whales have.
It allows them to have stereoscopic vision.
In other words, they can see inside of an object, as well as the outside, and the opposite
side in the third dimension.
Also the Syrian people, as well as cetaceans, have tremendous telepathic and psychic abilities.
The telepathic communication is focused through the fourth or heart chakra, more so than through
the fifth and sixth chakra.
This makes communication much more loving than words or thoughts alone.
The Syrians also helped genetically co-create the dolphin whale forms, and that is one reason
many Syrian souls are so attracted to incarnate on Earth as cetaceans.
They love to joyfully become their co-creations.
The Syrians who are in etheric or in their native form are now working with many of us,
not only on activating and opening our five higher interplanetary chakras and portions
of our brains that have been dormant, but they're also working on our genetic structure.
Human DNA is going to be shifting back to its original 12-strand helix from the current
double-strand.
Now, for those of us who are adults, our DNA in our bodies will not be changing much, although
we'll certainly see some upgrades.
But for those of us who have small children or will have children in a not-too-distant
future, the Syrians are working energetically with many of us to actively change the DNA
in our ova and sperm.
This will ensure that the children are being born with their full 12-strand DNA and automatically
already have the infrastructure within their physical bodies for being fully conscious.
Therefore, they will not have to be retrofitted like us adults.
The Syrians are members of a large galactic federation, and sometime before our so-called
recorded history, Earth used to be a part of this federation also.
There are claims that differ from source to source on what happened that caused humans
to either leave or be left out of the federation after some sort of genetic manipulation disaster.
But now Earth is coming into a great change, and it seems that everyone wants to be here
to see what happens, some as participants like the Syrians and some as observers.
After the ascension, Earth will once again become an active member in the Galactic Federation.
In this section, we will be discussing the mysterious Sirius B and C star systems.
According to the Akashic records, the Sirius B system was already inhabited by races indigenous
to that system.
Humanoid beings didn't arrive in that system until later in Syrian history.
Most of the original beings on Sirius B were aquatic beings such as cetaceans, dolphins,
porpoises, whales, and other aquatic mammals, and Syrian merpeople, amphibian humanoid types,
such as the Namo, who visited Earth several thousand years ago.
The Namo have been quite a large feature in the traditions and mythology of the Dogon,
a remote West African tribe located south of Timbuktu in the Republic of Mali.
There are a lot of books and information already out on the internet about the Dogon
tribe and their interactions with the Namo.
So for the purposes of this training, I would like to keep my focus on the galactic history
and beings of these star systems.
Sirius B star system.
Sirius B is a white dwarf star, which is in the last observable stage of a low to medium
mass star.
White dwarfs get dimmer and dimmer until they eventually stop burning and go dark,
thus becoming black dwarf stars, the final stage of a star's evolution.
Scientists like to study white dwarfs like Sirius B in order to gain a better understanding
of the stellar cycle.
Eventually Earth's sun will cycle to the white dwarf stage as well.
The luminosity of Sirius A overpowered scientists observations, making it impossible to isolate
the much dimmer luminosity of Sirius B. It wasn't until 2005 when astronomers were
able to look at data collected by the Hubble Space Telescope that they were able to measure
the mass of Sirius B for the first time.
They found that Sirius B has a mass that's about 98% that of Earth's sun.
To this day, Sirius continues to be a favorite star system to study for astronomers and physicists.
How do these scientific facts feature in the galactic history of this star system?
It's obvious that Sirius B and C were much older star systems than Sirius A, which verifies
the claims in the Akashic Records that amphibian and aquatic beings in these systems were much
more ancient than the humanoid and cat beings that resided in Sirius A, aquatic star beings.
As mentioned before, the beings on Sirius B are mostly aquatic and did not feel a need
to evolve to live on land.
The planets of both Sirius B and Sirius A are quite watery and had very little land
mass compared to Earth.
The Syrian humanoids of Sirius A had to learn to retrofit their watery environment to suit
their land-based needs, but for the merpeople of Sirius B, they were naturally well-suited
to the oceanic landscape of their planet.
These Syrian merpeople were great teachers and healers.
However, they were not beautiful mermaids as depicted in the Earth mythologies.
They would have been considered ugly or fishy-looking by Earth people standards.
They had greenish skin that could change the multiple colors at will, like a rainbow, much
like a chameleon's.
They had humanoid upper torsos and a fish-like lower torso and legs.
They were most often depicted in Babylonian, Akkadian, and Sumerian myths, as well as those
of the Dogon.
One depiction of the Egyptian goddess Isis, who is said to have originated from Sirius,
shows her looking like a mermaid.
The Babylonian water-god Ohannes was also said to be half man, half fish.
By the way, did you know that there are some claims that the cannabis plant originated
from Sirius B?
Even the origins of the word cannabis comes from the Greek kanna, meaning canine or dog,
and bis, meaning the number two.
So cannabis is actually the two-dog plant from the Dogstar of Sirius.
The Dogon people were the first ones to make that claim to Herodotus, the famous Greek
traveler and chronicler, in 300 B.C., the Sirius C star system.
The Dogon people also talked about the existence of a third star in the Sirius system, which
they called Emiya.
In 1995, two French astronomers published a result of a multi-year study that there
was apparently a small red dwarf star in the Sirius system, which only had about 0.05 the
mass of Sirius B. This makes the Dogon concept of Emiya, Sirius C, more probable.
In the Akashic records, I saw that this third star system of Sirius C was destroyed quite
a long time ago.
However, it is unclear if it was destroyed naturally as part of the dwindling down of
its stellar cycle or by attack from another star system.
Sirius C was home to the descendants of reptilian refugees from the Lyra-Draconian Wars and
also to humanoid reptilian hybrid races such as the race we now know on Earth as the Anunnaki.
The Anunnaki are a branch of hybrid beings from the Sirius C civilization and were a
part of human creation in the beginning.
Because of their part in the establishment of Earth, specifically an ancient Sumer, they
are often thought to be Sumerian gods.
Moreover, they lived on a planet called Nibiru, and some sources claim they are the same as
greys or reptilians.
However, they are not.
The Anunnaki are a new realm of beings of whom we are just beginning to learn about.
It is thought that Nibiru, or Planet X, was once a small planet that revolved around Sirius
C until the destruction of that star system which then catapulted its orbit towards Earth,
the Procyon star system.
It is hard to think of Procyon, the little dog star, without also thinking of the other
dog star, Sirius.
If you are looking at the right time of the year or right time of the night, you can always
find Sirius because it is the sky's brightest star.
Procyon is always near its most brilliant brother on the sky's dome.
Procyon isn't nearly as bright as Sirius, but it is still the eighth brightest star
in the sky and the sixth brightest of stars that are easily visible from the most populated
regions of the northern hemisphere.
Procyon is the brightest star in Canis Minor, the Lesser Dog.
This constellation is small.
With only one other noteworthy star named Gomisa, sometimes Canis Minor is called the
hot dog, maybe because of the high temperatures of Gomisa.
Procyon goes by the Lesser Dog star or Little Dog star.
Our chart shows Procyon as a member of the Winter Triangle asterism.
In other words, these stars are not an official constellation, but a group of noticeable stars
that happen to form a triangle pattern on the sky's dome.
Fainter than blue-white, Sirius to itself, white Procyon is marginally brighter than
orange-red Betelgeuse in Orion to the west.
The best time to view Procyon is at evening in late winter through spring, when the Winter
Triangle, which consists of Sirius, Procyon, and Betelgeuse, is highest in the sky.
Only 11.4 light years away, Procyon is one of our nearest stellar neighbors.
It's about 1.4 times as massive as the sun and has roughly twice its diameter.
The Procyon People.
We have often heard of references to the Nordic type of ET, a title given to the ones which
have the appearance of the Swedish Nordic races.
They are known to be friendly, about six feet tall, with blond hair and blue eyes.
They have offered warnings and given messages to Earth humans, and were responsible for
about 24% of extraterrestrial contacts on Earth before the 1960s.
The Procyonians have this Swedish appearance and come from Procyon, a binary star in the
Sirius Sector and Canis Minoris constellation, which is about 11.4 light years from Earth.
They are from the fourth planet in orbit around the Procyon double star system.
They are thought to be descendants of ancient Lyrans who colonized the Procyon planets after
the Lyran Wars.
They are highly technically advanced people who have interdimensional spacecraft travel.
Though they have interacted directly to some degree with humans on planet Earth, our government
would not cooperate with them.
This strong disapproval is further intensified by our government having made a secret alliance
with the Procyon hereditary enemies, the Greys, in order to obtain even more destructive weapon
systems than those already in existence.
Our government was not interested in negotiating with the Procyonians, as they would not provide
us with weapon systems.
The Procyonians have apparently crossbred with humans in our past, but with the purpose
of benefiting us.
These tall, blond humanoids carried out experiments that involved both artificial insemination
and inner breeding with primitive humanity.
The desired results was to combine the larger brain capacity of the tall blondes with the
lung capacity and respiratory system of the primitive humanity better suited to this planet's
atmosphere.
The sudden emergence of Cro-Magnon man was a result of their intervention.
A large proportion of present day humanity is descended from this mixed ancestry.
The Procyonians have continued to cross-read with us at many stages of our evolutionary
development and this type of activity still goes on at the present time.
They are trying to straighten out and correct the somewhat scrambled results of their earlier
interventions.
We turned out to be physiologically acceptable, but are as of yet considered to be a psychologically
unstable and immature species.
The Procyonians tune in on us telepathically to vicariously experience our emotions, but
the Procyonian motivation is to trace and fully understand the biological and psychological
ramifications of these emotions.
Their motivation for breeding with humans is to tune up the frequency of our species
in order to help us to help ourselves.
They serve the law of one and have aided in protecting humanity from hostile aliens
such as the Zetas and Dracos.
The tall blond humanoids from Procyon and the short gray humanoids from Rigel in Orion
have been enemies for many thousands of years.
The Procyon people often work with and collaborate with the Syrians in order to assist the people
of planet Earth.
It is thought that they and their Syrian compatriots destroyed several underground
reptilian bases on Earth in recent years.
The tall blondes from Procyon have a benign attitude towards Earth's humanity except
for their strong disapproval of our inhumanity to each other.
Their concern is for the well-being of all forms of life, not just humanity.
They feel that our entire biosphere will benefit if we fulfill our positive potential
instead of self-destructing and destroying our planet's biosphere in the process.
