Hello, this is Debbie Solaris, and thank you for joining me for this groundbreaking course
that so many of you have been waiting for, the Galactic Akashic Reading Course.
Video 1, Introduction to Galactic Akashic Reading and Galactic History.
This video will summarize what are the Akashic Records and why are they so important, especially
during these current times.
The basics of conducting a Galactic Akashic Records Reading and how it differs from a
typical Earth-based Akashic Reading.
The importance of knowing and understanding Galactic History when accessing the Galactic
Akashic Records.
The influence of extraterrestrial star races and civilizations on planet Earth and the
people of Earth, which will impact the Akashic Readings of yourself and or others.
What are the Akashic Records?
The Akashic Records, also known as the Book of Life, is understood to be the universe's
supercomputer system.
They are the central storehouse of all information for every single being who has ever lived
in this universe and beyond.
These records contain our every thought, deed, word, feeling, and intent.
They have a tremendous influence on our everyday lives, our relationships, our feelings, our
belief systems, and the potential realities we draw towards us.
Why and how are our lives affected by the Akashic Records?
These records connect each and every one of us to each other.
They contain the essence of every archetypal symbol or mythic story which has ever deeply
touched the patterns of human behavior and experience.
They have been the inspiration for dreams and invention.
They are our stories on a collective and personal level.
They mold and shape multiple levels of human consciousness.
They are the unbiased observational tools that attempt to guide, educate, and transform
every individual to become the very best he or she can be.
They give us various choices of an ever-changing array of possible futures and probabilities
as we interact and respond to the circumstances of our lives.
They are a portion of the divine mind of source.
The reading of these records suggests that each of us writes the story of our lives through
our thoughts, our deeds, and our interactions with the rest of creation.
This information has an effect on us in the here and now.
In fact, the Akashic Records have such an impact on our lives and the potentials and
probabilities we draw towards us that any exploration of them will intrinsically help
us immensely with insights into the nature of ourselves and our relationship to the universe.
There is much more to our lives, our history, and our individual influence upon our tomorrows
than we can even imagine.
By accessing information from the Akashic Records, the universe's computer's database,
much more information might be revealed to us as we co-create and navigate our realities
here on Earth and in alternate star systems and interdimensional realms.
The basics of galactic Akashic Records reading.
What is the difference between accessing the galactic Akashic Records as opposed to accessing
Earth-based records?
Many Akashic readers are only focused on Earth-based Akashic Records, which only showcase a very
small portion of our soul's journey, especially as many individuals incarnated on the planet
during this particular time, our ancient souls with originations from many different
star systems, dimensional realms, and alternate realities.
With this course, we will learn how to go beyond the Earth Records to access the full
scope of the Akashic Records that encompass our collective stories from our extraterrestrial
star origination and history.
Step one, connecting with our higher self and guidance.
This may seem basic, but one of the key components of learning to access the galactic Akashic
Records is learning to truly connect with our inner selves and guides.
As third-dimensional humans on Earth, we have been conditioned since childhood to mistrust
our instincts and intuition and learn to rely only on our analytical minds to navigate
our physical and emotional reality.
However, now that many people on our planet these days are awakening to their inherent
empathic and intuitive gifts, all of us are able to connect with our higher self and spiritual
guides.
Connecting to our higher self is one of the greatest journeys we can embark on, especially
when connecting with the higher realms and our divine spark within ourselves.
It certainly has been that way for me during my work with my higher guidance personally
and within the Akashic field within the past few years.
This information has been life-changing for me and many others.
The simplest way to activate a connection to your higher self guidance is by simply
sitting still.
No meditation or breath work is required, but utilizing both or either can certainly
get you in a more receptive state of being.
Allow yourself to move past a feeling of discomfort from not being constantly distracted by the
monkey mind, as I call it, and settle into the feeling of being truly connected with
yourself.
I speak about this a lot when I'm doing Akasha Clearings for my clients, which we will teach
how to do in a future training course.
But the way our guides communicate with us is primarily through symbols and archetypes
internally through your imagination, meditation, and dreams, whether that be with the medium
of symbols personal to you and your life or through collective symbols used throughout
humanity, tarot, mythology, angel numbers, animal totems, ritual practices, and prayer.
Ultimately, there is no separation between you and your higher self and guides.
You are one and the same, always connected.
Understanding this can lead to many external benefits.
It's the internal journey of rediscovery that impacts us the most.
Step two, clearing space before accessing the Akashic records.
Because we'll be accessing the Akashic field through the higher dimensional realms, it's
always important to prepare a quiet, peaceful, clean space free of distractions.
Find a reading session when you'll be home and not interrupted by your partner, your
kids, your pets, etc.
You want to set the tone for the reading in your personal space, whether that be your
living room, your bedroom, or home office.
If you can set aside some time to meditate before conducting an Akashic session, all
the better.
I personally prepare for all of my readings by quietly connecting with myself and my guides
for at least 15 to 30 minutes before every session.
You don't want to feel rushed, stressed out, or feeling out of sorts before accessing
the records.
If it resonates with you, you can burn some sage or palo santo, a candle, or put some
crystals by your side, whatever helps you to feel calm and at peace.
This will help you to ground and connect to the Akashic energies during the reading.
During the pillar of light exercise, which we will be talking about during the next section,
pull up loving earth energy from below and source energy from above with your hands asking
the light to clear energies from you that are not yours and also any non-beneficial
energies that might be lingering in the space.
Use this tool for your space as well, invoking the assistance of Archangel Michael or any
other divine beings you connect with to assist you with clearing the space.
I used a divine heart triangle exercise to connect my client's heart chakra with mine
and further connect with source energy to keep all of the vibrations in the space as
high as possible.
I then use a quick space clearing mantra before I use the pathway prayer process that's
created by Linda Howe to access my client's Akashic records.
We'll go more into the specifics of this clearing space process later in this training
during week module six of this course.
Step three, creating the column of light that connects us to the Akashic field.
This simple but lovely meditation helps us to ground ourselves in an energetic pillar
of light that lovingly holds space for us as we access the Akashic records to do our
work.
Find a comfortable chair in a quiet room that allows you to plant your feet firmly on the
ground as you do the following.
As you sit in your chair with your feet flat on the floor, let your chair hold you up and
support you.
After getting a sense of your space and where you are at, imagine a white, very bright column
of light that is enveloping you all around connecting you with the earth through your
feet and beyond your crown chakra with the higher dimensional realms.
With your hands, rub them together and use them to draw loving energy from the earth
going first through your feet, through your legs and torso in your heart space, then through
your neck to the highest most area of your skull, filling your crown chakra.
Allow the energy to fill up the lining of your skull.
By now, you will notice that the energy will travel down your arms into your hands, which
should be feeling warm at this time.
Using your hands, clear your aura, the energy field around your body.
Physically brush off your body, clearing away any vibrations that isn't yours.
Send it to the earth where it can be cleared and transmuted.
Then when you're finished, put your hands palms up in your lap.
Allow the light to come into your crown chakra from the space approximately 19 inches above
your head.
Bring up the area around you and your body in the chair in an x-shaped space within your
auric field.
The light clears anything around you or within you that interferes with your goodness and
draws away from you anything within that doesn't support you.
Any physical pain, stress or distress that is present, any emotional turbulence, worry
or chaos in your mind, and any thoughts that might be troubling or upsetting you.
The light can draw from you anything that is interfering with your experience of peace
and unity within yourself.
You don't have to tell the light what to do, as its infinite intelligence knows exactly
what you need at the moment.
As the light draws negativity away from you, it's also radiating into you whatever it is
that you are needing, whether it's courage, focus, confidence, grounding, etc.
By now you should be completely enveloped in a column of light that is connecting you
with both Earth and the Akashic field, while in a reasonable state of balance and ready
to move forward.
Now imagine this beautiful white column of light connecting you with the hallowed halls
of the Akashic records, imagining the gates of the records opening up just for you and
you stepping through to meet with the Akashic guides who are waiting to assist you during
your visit to the higher realms of the Akashic field.
Step 4.
Connecting and communicating with the Akashic guides.
The Akashic records are governed by a group of non-physical light beings called the Lords
of the Records.
It is my understanding that it is this extraterrestrial race of beings known as the Arcturians from
the star system of Arcturus in the Bodhis constellation who are currently acting as
these Lords of the Records, but they might appear to you energetically as a consciousness
or collective, not as individual beings.
These beings ensure the safety and integrity of the Akashic records.
They determine not only who can access the records, but also what information they can
receive.
The Lords of the Records work with the masters, teachers, and loved ones who act as intermediaries
between the Akashic and earthly realms by downloading to them and also to you the information
that will be relayed during each Akashic session.
Though the Lords of the Records and the Akashic master guides are non-physical beings, some
of the teachers and all of the loved ones have once existed as humans on earth.
When you work in the Akashic records, you will never see the Lords of the Records and
the Akashic masters nor the teachers or loved ones as they existed in human form, but you
might sense their energetic presence if the teachers or loved ones deem it appropriate
and necessary to come forward while relaying certain information to you.
Usually, however, the masters, teachers, and loved ones prefer to stay anonymous so that
we will rely on the energies of the records rather than on individual identities within
the records.
Usually when I access the Akashic records, the Akashic master guides will speak to me
either through clear audience or through frequencies or symbols when helping me to interpret what
I am seeing in the records.
That is why learning the methods of connecting with your higher self and guides will help
you so much when navigating within the Akashic realms.
In addition, strengthening your third eye and recognizing higher vibrational frequencies,
which I teach in our first webinar offering called Recognizing Extraterrestrial Frequencies,
act as a preliminary training on how to read the Galactic Akashic records.
We will make this video available to all students of this course for free as a tool to help
you build the necessary skills and mental muscles needed to read and interpret the
Akashic records, even the Galactic Ones, easily and successfully.
Step 5.
The importance of knowing and understanding Galactic history when accessing the Galactic
Akashic records.
Learning to read the Galactic Akashic records can be a very daunting task at first, as it
takes a lot of practice.
What happens with many people new to reading the records is one of two issues.
Number one, they are not getting a good energetic connection to the Akashic records.
Or number two, they have a connection, but they are getting too much information all
at once, which puts their minds into sensory overload and they cannot mentally process
what they are seeing.
If it is the first problem, you might want to practice opening your third eye, which
we have already discussed in the previous sections of this video.
After strengthening your third eye, you will know when this happens because you will start
to see auras and colors.
You will want to make sure to clear your space first and imagining a column of white light
connecting you with the Akashic field before accessing the Akashic records, which we have
also discussed in the previous sections.
I like using a ritualistic process to access the records.
I use Linda Howe's pathway prayer process as it sets the proper space between myself
and the records.
We will be covering these processes more in depth during the second half of this training,
starting with week module six.
One of the problems of not getting information from the galactic Akashic records is that
most of us initially do not understand what we are seeing in the records of various extraterrestrial
star systems, galaxies, and alternate dimensions, so having a good understanding of galactic
history will be a tremendous help in being able to interpret the information received
from the Akashic masters and teachers mentioned previously.
Understanding the history and cultures of these alternate realities and realms will
give us the basis of knowing exactly what we are looking at when we are downloading
information from the galactic realms.
It is my sincerest hope that all of you taking this course will feel much more confident
when navigating the galactic Akashic records.
After watching the upcoming videos and additional support information and materials, we have
created and prepared for you in the coming weeks within this course, just an FYI.
Unfortunately, there are still a few Akashic readers, mainly diehard students of Linda
Howe's, who believe that the Akashic records are only based on Earth records.
As much as I love and respect Linda Howe's work, I completely disagree with this.
Why would the Akashic records, which are the energetic records of the entire universe as
well as multi-universes, only contain records for one planet?
That doesn't make sense to me at all.
I've done thousands of galactic Akashic readings during the past decade, and I would say that
at least 90% of my clients say that the information they've received during a galactic Akashic
reading is validating and life-changing for them.
If it's just false information, as some of these Earth-focused Akashic readers are saying,
accessing the galactic Akashic records wouldn't have the far-reaching effect that it does
on so many people across the planet.
Understanding the importance of the influence of extraterrestrial star races and civilizations
on planet Earth and the people of Earth.
Many of us are now gaining an understanding that planet Earth has a much more complex
and older history than previously thought.
It is my understanding from accessing the galactic Akashic records that there were a
number of various extraterrestrial groups, it is said at least 22 different ET races,
who many millions of years ago wanted to start an experiment on Earth to see if they could
take the templates and DNA that have worked so well in the other star systems in our galaxy,
like the Pleiades, Sirius, Andromeda and Arcturus, and apply those same principles in a much
more condensed environment on Earth.
The ET races that have likely seeded various genetics and DNA on Earth include Lyra Vega,
Antares, Andromeda, Arcturus, Sirius A, B and C, Procyon, Pleiades, Heades, Aldebaran,
Draco, Orion, Zeta Reticuli, Pegasus, Cassiopeia, Alpha Centauri, Beta Centauri, Venus, Maldec
Mars, Apollonia, Pavilla, Orion Nebula, Tau Ceti and likely many more.
We will be discussing many of these races of beings and their history and cultures during
the next four weeks of this course.
Earth is known as the Living Library.
So Earth was more or less meant to be an experimentation ground for these spiritual concepts to come
into being and played out on a much smaller scale.
So if Earth was a mix of these various extraterrestrial races and genetics, it would make sense that
the histories and cultures of these cosmic civilizations would have an inherent effect
on the history and culture of Earth, as well as the individuals incarnating on this planet
either directly or indirectly.
In our next video, we will begin our cosmic journey into the depths of ancient galactic
history with the beginning of the creation of our galaxy with influences from Andromeda
the galaxy, the Antares Stargate, Lyra and the Galactic Center.
